Huricane Florence "I'm the worst huricane this year"

Huricane Michael "Hold my beer"
The camera man wiping off the camera Lens every 10 seconds 😂
There was another Hurricane??

(I live near Miami)
dude just ask it to leave nicely.
Hurricane Matth-Math- Hurricane Michael..hmmm SHANE DAWSON CONSPIRACY THEORIES XD
Do we really need reporters standing in the middle of a storm, telling us, there's a storm?🤔
This is what happens when you don't thank the bus driver.
Hurricane Irma's killed my grandpa and I will hate hurricanes for the rest of my life
Sending prayers of protection and be safe to everyone in Florida yall in my thoughts and prayers. Praying that the families be safe xoxo.🌱🌱🌱🌱🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙌🙌🙌
She low-key slow she almost said hurricane Matthew 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Please stop making newscasters stand in high winds.  Flying debris could kill them, and they could not see it coming.
“I hope they are in their house”



Standing out side not getting blown away by the storm soaking wet acting normal
Bruhh we was lucky last year but this year Montgomery not lucky it's almost close to us  I just hope we be ok if u live in Montgomery 🙏🙏
stay safe everyone
So we just gonna ignore that she almost said hurricane Matthew at first? 0:13
I respect the cameraman wiping the lens
My love goes out to all the people in Florida I'm so sorry this happens to your guys you don't deseve this! ❤❤
A-Z new idea name for huricane,AZIRA ,i love that name
2018 : Hurricanes
2019 : Hurricanes 
2020 : S P A R T A
Hurricane math-Michael
You should give these reporters a raise. They are literally putting their lives on the line for views.
I'm having trouble believing he's actually standing in the middle of that storm, if a metal gate was torn up then his windbreaker should have more than a light ruffle. Looks like he's standing in a mild breeze, meanwhile the trees in the background are getting blown almost horizontal. Anyone else think this looks weird?
My home for 26 yrs...everything is gone...its still so surreal. #850strong#panamacityfl
Playing with Amino rn and I see this is coming towards me 





Sh*t
0:14 yeah it’s totally hurricane Matthews, not like that happened TWO YEARS AGO
This guy just said that a railing was pulled out of concrete, yet he is just standing there.

Edit: I’m not saying CNN is fake news I’m just stating that it was unusual and some what humorous.
I thought the woman in the green coat was SimplyNailogical at first glance
She just said Michael was a Category 5 with winds of 155 mph but that’s a category 4 and then she says that’s 2 mph shy from a category 5?
The man in the middlie like i dont wont to be out here with michael Myers.
Matthew: anybody wanna fight my wind speeds

Michael: hold my shit Irma  I'm gonna say hi to matthew
Is it just me or does the east coast keep getting booty clapped 😂
I was there. The winds were recorded up to 170-190 MPH winds, and it was a cat 5 at landfall
I'm just sittin and watching my show and the rest of my friends are going through a lot more than I so I'm lucky just cillib
I was in hurricane Katrina,Dora,Michael  and sandy
BMC fan: * clears throat * MICHAEL MAKES AN ENTRANCE
dont leave behind your pets
Who else hoping they don’t get school?
Fake news by liberals! 😂
(sarcastic)
You know its a strong storm when the eye is still completely intact on land holy smokes
Texas 2017: MAN, WE ARE HAVING SO MANY HURRICANES THIS YEAR! FLORIDA 2018: HOLD MY BEER!
If you saw this comment , hope you be safe , get rich and be successful in whatever you doing in life💯💯👑
I was hit by this storm
I was hit by this storm
OMG MAX BE CAREFUL😖❤️I wish u didn’t live in Florida :(
Ha glad I'm in the Midwest 
Tornado: laughs in tornado
Send in Anderson Cooper. He’s water and wind proof.
DAM IM POPULAR and I am a CAT-5
This was Trump's fault.
Michael Jackson’s Wreaking Havoc in Florida because he’s a Hurricane hahaha 😂😂
My fart's produce 165mph winds
I'll pray for everyone, also poor animals😯
I live there and my house is gone
I go to Panama City Beach every year, hopefully everything upholds, such a beautiful city, my future spot i would love to live at. Prayers for PCB.
"Math uh, micheal"
Waaaa i live in flrda ): 
So this is
Whats haping shit
I really need
To move some were else then
When it stops
im coming back ;D :D
"Hurricane Ma--Micheal"


ANOTHER MATTHEW?
Any be more chill fans here? (MICHAEL MAKES AN ENTRANCE)
i havent seen any new since Florance. she was so fuging close to M.D lol.
did i miss any between florance and michle?
It's raining like normal
Welcome to Florida
We will be fine 
I'm n zone x
Come on michael
A normal day in Florida I guess....
Climate change is another word for screwed
Anybody peeped how he is not even there. He is not in Panama 🤣🤣 these ppl.. Smh. Camera not even shaking.
My family was blessed. We just left florida 2 days ago. Thoughts and prayers for those affected🙏🏽
Okay so for a tiny storm you go crazy but when a cat 4 you act like nothing
I live in North Carolina 🤦🏽‍♂️
Every one who don’t live in Florida

“OMG IT SUCKS THEY HAVE TO DEAL WITH HURRICANES EVERY YEAR😨😨😨😨


All people from Florida already used to hurricanes

😎😎😎😎
Hurricane Sanjay
Hurricane Bob
Hurricane Guy
Hurricane Fred
Hurricane Aderkistan
This guy must be stronger than those 155 mph wind gush , standing there just chilling listening to the lady bla, bla, bla 😁
Those News Reporters are getting quadruple paid for going in the rain
Keep up that global warming my dudes. I love catastrophes like this. great entertainment!
Seems there are a lot of storms this year. I wonder if the globe could be getting warmer? (Right wing) "RELEASE THE KRAKEN!"
getting ready for hurricane memes
Holy frubbles! 😱😱😱
Man the amount of hurricanes just...
Thankful that I'm in SAN DIEGO. May those who are in Michael's path, be safe.
Wait Florida? Hmmm who do I know who lives in flordia? Hmmm :O omg FLAMINGOOOOOOOOOO
In the west coast eating French toast then it flew away

-Bill wurtz
Hows the weather, Ollie?
ITS RAININ SIDEWAYS!
I feel pity for the male reporter. It is difficult to make money
Love that this guy is standing strong as the 45ft trees behind him are horizontal.
So did king Kong just get out of a bar?
I always wondered where do they get the names for these hurricanes? 
Michael, florence, sandy 
Sounds like a whole bunch of ex's getting revenge
Prayers to Florida from Kansas City
Moved out of FL in 2017 after 3 decades. No regrets at all.
God please protect the people 😢
This is comical to watch.  These guys have no idea what they're talking about.
155mph? My civic can beat that
Great first Flo and now Mike
Out And About In The Storm . All These Reporters Risking Life & Limb ! Tough job. Everybody be careful.
Just cover it with FLEX TAPE?
Has anyone seen footage of Hurricane Michael in Calhoun county, FL.?
I'm NY now
I'm scared XD.
"CareFeel, Sorry my mouth not working too well"
Pray for those in the path of this monster hurricane.
Dude in the middle look like an avenger
That’s tuff, I have a friend that lives in Pensacola Florida.
Cnn is a really proffesional channel
Poor people who live in Florida
man-powered windshield wipers LOL
"We haven't seen anyone around."
(white pickup truck drives behind the reporter)
Praying for my folks in Fla and Georgia. Please be safe.💝😢
just waiting for 2 kids in shorts calmly walking by ><
atleast the Carolina Hurricanes are doing well!
Is it coming toward MD yet?
Since when they name storms after guys🤣🤣😎mf ran out name s
Where does Emma and Ellie live
Edit: I mean like did they get hit hard or not
Please be Smart people. SOME HAVE EVACUATED. BUT SOME DID NOT. GOD BE WITH YOU ALL.
*DJ Khaled voice*
Anotha one
THATS WHAT SHE SAID Sorry, I love The Office 😃 #MichaelScott
I live in Florida and I'm just chilling.  I'm just use to it but stay safe to everyone.
I might have discovered how to tame hurricanes. This video shows you how my neighborhood was the only one in Panama City not to suffer utter devastation. Please share to get this in the hands of the right people. @
God please protect the people in the path of this storm. God please protect the workers. Keep the animals safe too. Amen
When you live in south fl n you still gotta go to school all week
No way he is n panama just standing str8 up
He’s standing out in the storm and says he hopes people are safe.
OMG my family lives all-around Florida NOOOO hope none of family is hurt
A 2 by 4 thru the cranium, Ouch !
Brooke could of just gone home. ABC DESTROYED CNN 😂😂😂
At least its not hitting cuba!
It's Always Flordia... and they still survive wtf
'you can only imagine how many people it took to pour all that wet water on that guy in the middle....'  - Donald Dump
who else hopes he get's smacked by a fish or something
3 hurricanes have hit Florida RIP
Omg, she's long-winded and poor John is getting thrashed!!! #Ugh 🙄
Sustained winds of 100mph where he's standing, yet he's having no problem standing straight up giving a news report?
came for an update on a hurricane, but stayed for the sexy hurricane attire.
Bro I live in Florida and I'm just now finding out about this s***
4:46 "You can't dock out of them fast enough"
another reason not to live in the swamp known as florida
Stay safe but here is something to keep ya happy, HURRICANE KATRINAAAAAA MORE LIKE HURRICANE TORTILLA!!!!
Hurricane Katrina:I’m the deadliest hurricane yet

Hurricane Michael:Hold my beer
He is really reporting in 100 mph wind 😂
Waiting for a sign to slap one of them in the face!! 😂😂😂😂
Omg I hope the people didn’t die!! :( I hate hurricanes!!! Let’s pray for the people who r in this huge hurricane 😔🙏🏻🙏🏻
God Be beside My love ones in Bama, My home MS, Florida, and Georgia 🙏🏾
“Where we are covering the official landfall of Hurricane Matth... um, Michael.” 

Hurricane Matthew Never Forget lmao
All my friends was just in panama and destin like 3 days ago for fall break 😂
No Hurricane Micheal is the worst and the most powerful hurricane that happened this year
0:56

u ok 👌
If it taken the railing with the cement wouldn't u be gone too
Maine is the safest place
An actual hurricane during hurricane season 


CNN: omg , it’s obviously trumps fault because reasons that make no sense
My prayers are with everyone on the Florida Panhandle. I used to live there (Crestview) and am rooting for everyone rebuilding. Those who do so may want to consider a metal roof. I was touched to read this Panama City woman's story about how her roof literally saved her life during Michael. Here's the story if anyone's interested: http://bit.ly/2XTTHkA Tried to get the local media to cover it, but they haven't so far. :/ 
Just hoping someone reads this and considers a different roof.
I have friends in Panama City.
Is it hitting Georgia?
I live in alabama 1 hour away from pc and we were supposed to get hit earlier but all we got was rain and heavy winds
5:54 we haven't seen anyone around, truck drives by slowly in the background, lol.
I'm scared I'm moving there
Omfg I live in North Carolina and I got sooo much rain today and the worst part was in the morning my bus came late so I was standing in pouring rain bring soaked for 30 minutes 🤦🏽‍♀️
If abuse earth it will react.
Brooke in a Hurricane...I still would!
Ion understand this, i’ve stood in Hurricane irma while it was passing and i was not able to stand in place the way they are LMAOOOOOO the water felt like whips on my face like i damn near went back to slavery and particles of anything was flying all over pretty much putting me at high risk. Someone please explain how these reporters do it in America cause im dying of confusion 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂
It hit GA! We have pretty bad rain! I was at gymnastics and it was so loud!
that dude is in front of a green screen
I live in Alabama Montgomery
i live in florida



why didnt i move?
But were there explosions?
IF I DONT STAND IN THE RAIN HOW WILL THEY KNOW ITS RAINING
the next day the reporter is gone. 







he flied away
Nathan Explosion: "I command you to destroy the hurricane."
And you thought Hurricane Florence was bad...
God bless America
He's in a hundred mile per hour wind don't think so
Florida:Oh man! Very lucky that Florence did not come for us. I guess that means we CAN go to the beach

Michael: Im going to have to stop you right there





Don't kill me,because its a joke
Do you know how you stop this huracan ? Eliminate haarp
For the people saying this isn't even real; go there and take pics to show otherwise.What are you afraid of? Sheesh! Where's the logic?😵
Look at those trees moving, there is no way he is standing outside
"CaReFiEld sorry my mouth isnt working"
Me: nah bro its your brain that isnt working
Florida nibbas were making fun of them but now they got it worse.
Ah I Hope everyone is ok❤️
i meant to click on a video of kelli pickler baking a casserole
HELLO I AM SCREAMING CAUSE MY HOUSE IS BEING BLOWN AWAY BY HURRICANE MATTH- OR UH MICHAEL....

0:13
Jaxsonville good we just getting a lil rain and 40 mph wind
Shoot at the hurricane 😤
Hurricane Mathew eh mothafucka?
meanwhile im over here chillin in sac, eating my potato chips in the comfort of my room.




west coast is the best coast.



nah fr tho, hope yall east coasties are good
I thought the guy in the middle was liam Neeson for a second
oh nice one! gotta name
a hurricane after me lmao
The reporters jacket ain't even moving, I dont understand hows 100mph winds 🤔🤔🤔
I think looks a lot going on around him why is he not affected like the trees in the back ground ? CGI ?
Anyone in South Carolina!!
MICHEAL MYERS BRO
Glad I live In Pennsylvania
I hope flamingo survives
Damn, John is super wet...
The first girl was really going to say hurricane Mathew wow
From a distance, that reporter in the red CNN jacket looks like Daniel Tosh from Tosh.2.0!
Hey, he's from Florida too, so maybe they're related.
Oh boi can't wait for category 6 in 20yr and ofcourse apophis too.
YOOO!!! 5:22 For 3 seconds I thought somebody was laying there dead, covered up in a black trash back holding a sign. smh.
Hurricane Michael Bay
Who else is praying there's no school?
Praying for my grandpa and all others 🙏🏼🤧
I could see the memes now with Michael Jackson
Is it coming to va
Network not credible anymore.😪
The dude that was I first storm looks totally green screened
Standing in 100 mph winds... 🤔
Have they tried to say its potus yet lol maga for life
Stay in the middle and your basically safe lmao. At least for the most part like from the water n shiz. We stayed during irma and we did fine. Idk why but the middle is just always safer 😤
It's a Category 5 storm just 5 mph wind short of being a category 5 storm....
I would NEVER go outside in 155mph winds.
Wait... There's another one?
This is a green screen
please 🙏for Mexico Beach, Florida
The hurricane will cease .The Almighty God is in control.
That intro was soooo dramatic🙄
My friend lives in Florida. (if you watched this too Alyssa, be careful).
I love Panama City Beach
God knows everything
Why live in Florida?!?!
So similar to Charley tbh
I feel bad for the report he looks mad because he lost a bet
The End is near
lol have fun bois
Florida : “finally a year without a hurricane striking me, let’s celebrate!!!”

Michael : “hi florida, you said what?”
i swear if i get hit, tell my momma i love her and thats on god
BUT THEY JUST GOT FLORENCE OUT OF THEIR WAY :(
Holy Jesus it is going nuts over there.
I’ve been to panama..
it rains so often u can’t tell if it’s a hurricane or a storm LOL
Brooke Baldwin, hurricane Matthew or Michael? Category 5 (whoops!) or category 4? The facts are flying!!
Power companies have the capability to shut off power before storms hit. Transformers do not need to blow up.
I go to Panama City beach every year
That is a perfect eye
Hurricane math
Katrina + micheal = mathew
Y’all boys stay safe y’all heard
Thats red neck ville. I got family  up there all them dogs r gonna die cause they r all tied to trees and dog mills.😭
Winds look weak on the ladies broadcasts
holy jeez 155miles per hour
Is tramp above Allah swt?
Prayers for all of you
Any Michaels out here?
All of the hurricanes that are girls are the ones that was Terrifying and a hard to fix Damage and be safe guys
I feel like there is a vsause meme to be made here
GODBLESSJESUSCHRIST Amen
so there goes my senior trip plans :|
Wait if we have a lot of hurricanes in the east does that mean oh no TORNADO SESSON IS GOING TO BE WORSE
Panamá there my family
florida cant get a break i swear
Dios nos cuide y proteja...amén
My state of Florida every year you get hurricane be careful guys
The tree's are bending side ways, while his hair barely flickers.
Heeey Vsauce. Michael here.
155 mph winds look he stand nothing happen ..:)..
Good thing the 1% deregulated business! Now, when they feel benevolent, they have the open option to 'choose' to help with climate change, water & land contamination, habitat loss, infrastructure curve, and consequences of compounding combinations.
Ouch! Well hopefully it calms, I hope there is minimal future damage. Hoping this is the last of these horrible storms.
I wished I lived in the 1980s WITHOUT GLOBE WARMING CAUSING LOTS OF HURRACANES
Remember when florida was laughing at nc
The world is ending
0:41 tf is he rapping or something???
I’m joking btw so don’t take it seriously 😒
At least we can all take comfort in the fact that global warming is a chinese hoax
How about those DEW directed-energy weapons?  They're getting some good practice in.
Prayers bc I live in ga so close 2 the hurricane
"The wind was strong enough to rip metal and cement from the ground, but let me just stand in this storm and talk about how dangerous this storm really is"
No pet left behind and people also that is scared 😭🌪🌧
0:13 im dead🤣
more breadcrums of weather controlling ...but fool the public like this is natural
If only it could wipe out CNN.
Is this in 2018 in October
This is so sad 😢😢😢😢😢
I live in fort Walton beach FL... I left to Canada to see my grandpa but I am watching this and noticing why I left...
Yea  ummmm I sent that a little risky that you SEND PEOPLE in this storm wow so smart :)
It's not going well so far
Advanced civilizations don't use overland powerlines. Smart people learn. Dumb people build houses out of wood and overland powerlines in areas that are frequently hit by powerful storms.
aww crap i live in alabama and its gonna hit us next ;-;
Its like a piece of metal hits him lol
Joogsquad saw it first
It can uproot a fence cemented in the ground but its  not throwing him
I hope it's not coming to Texas 😨😨😨
I’m n tornado alley KC
Being from new Orleans, We tremble in fear every time a new tropical storm/hurricane forms so ima say a prayer for y'all! I hope everybody got their supplies, boarded up their houses & evacuated to a shelter if needed. 

Can somebody that's in its path keep a updated on how it is?? Thanks
that wind is whipping behide him,but he hasnt even moved hahahah
pray for those who's suffering
Dangerous as Myres
He said a tornado hit him but look outside at 2:50
Bruh We Just Encountered Hurricane Florence But Now MICHAEL BRUHHHH
I live in Florida and...
Never mind it's a long ass story...
But all I have to say is that when I got out of school it was windy as hell and as ever, probably the most windy that I ever saw
It was very rainy too
I hope everyone who is not American don't think we're all people who turn natural disasters into politics or who are selfish with their views...
we're not all like that
Why is USA not getting any storms?
Good day to play Disc Golf. Longest drive ever!!
Florida is just hurricane candy at this point
Shout out to John,  what a trooper
Is there a way to put power lines underground so storms won't knock them out?
should of hit orlando :/
Niga 5 wow
I live in PA, and we only get rain and some wind from hurricanes, but I can still live on the East Coast. THUG LIFE.
Winds are 155.. you won’t see the branch coming.
pacifice rim 3
Doesn't look that bad. Pfft
Climate change is real.
Hurricane Katrina already past?
Obv fake news
Hurricane Michael Myers
Wow~ that's so fun~
Anyone from ga here?
Hurricane Michael News Yup We get a paid QUAD
0:50 am I the only one thinking like wth is this guy standing out there in a storm like that lol
You could always take shelter inside a cold jail holding cell. Hmm?


Read more
0:13 LMAO SHE JUST MESSED UP 😂
i was in mexico beach
Omg, CNN, MMMMM, YEA this guy is probably in Michigan or something.
Or reporting on an old storm...
Staged the segment of the first reporter.
Less successful and handsome Tosh?
I wonder who he thought king kong was 🤔🤔🤔
the middle guy is me walking through the hallway at the beginning of lunch
0:12, Hurricane Math!






NO GOD. NO GOD PLEASE NO. NOOOOOO!
Folks take the advice of the governor of Florida, your lives is more important than any of your property, remember take all the safety measures into account for you to breath another day, I hope no death.
6.11 poor KING Kong
wow i form urguay wtf
xd
Can Florida not have a hurricane FOR LIKE 5 MINUTES?!?!?
Are you sure this is real?
Praying for you All. ROOFS ARE BEING TORN OFF.
micheal coming through early this october
I have mixed feelings about this
Is that Daniel Tosh?
I live in NC I just got hit from Florence not Michel
Im sure he's standing behind some kind of cover....
That so harmful to us
This is from Panama City? I live in Panama City and i only saw a little rain.
this is some scary stuff
This hurricane is insane
Is it Category 4 or 5 make up your minds
Florence now Micheal?
Fortnite Battle Royalle
Well there be any hurricanes in Idaho
Damn, what's with all these hurricanes these days?
I'm in Georgia in The Storm Is Passing By Us to
Interesting to see what everyone was watching while I sat at home with no power and rain coming in my roof
Hurrican Math-Michael
GEOENGINEERING MUST BE STOPPED.
No federal aid for red states.
”we will be carefield”
Why am i watching this, I live in Boston.
MICHAEL DENINO
For all people who think not evacuating is irrational...
It is, but here’s an argument that someone who doesn’t want to evacuate could use
“I don’t want to”
In all honesty it’s there life there allowed to do what they want when they want
What's this unbiased and truthful reporting am I really on CNN
HISTORIC POWERFUL BLUE DEMOCRATIC HURRICANE SWEEPING THE COUNTRY!
Good mother earth keep making hurricanes till you destroy what's hurting you.
5:41 I'm sorry but LMFAOOO
Let us all pray for all that get hit by this monstrous hurricane
My cousins live in Panama city in Florida and they had to evacuate I live in Georgia
Oh no my best friend moved there to Florida I hope she is ok like this so that she can survive
Man this is resent I feel bad
God bless 🙏
Yo Florida what is with you it's a hurricane magnet I guess 3 insane ones all in like a few months
0:28 on the bottom of the screen it says category 4. but they call it category 5
MICHEAL MAKES AN ENTRANCE
Lol, CNN can't even get a hurricane category correct. Not even 30 seconds in and the lady on the left said it was a cat 5 hurricane. Since CNN is fake let me explain the truth.
1. Category 5 intensity is passed 156mph winds. The Hurricane was NEAR Cat 5 not AT cat 5 strength..
2. The Hurricane (until further notice) made landfall as a 155mph hurricane, which is cat 4 strength. not Cat 5 strength.
Don’t play play
all we want is storm to pass without anyone dying and...






i just got soaked by rain finding my school bus.
0:11 "Hurricane Matt -- ugh......... Michael, a Category 5 Hurricane........., that is several miles shy of Category 5"
he is in front of a green screen. You cannot hear the wind in microphone
Get the cameras ready for some more looting videos.
Then hurricane michaels  son will be hurricane trump XDD
Hope you will all be ok and safe from 🇦🇺.
Yes mother nature destroy it all
There is no clouds at all were I am at I'm in CA
It wasn't my fault guys
If its 155 mph winds, what good will it do to keep watch for debris headed his way? He''s gonna get hit if something is headed his way. Pretty sure his reactive speed is not that fast.
hurricane jeremy
hurricane rich
hurricane jake
hurricane brooke
hurricane chloe
hurricane jenna
hurricane christine
hurricane squiP—
How is he standing?
Is that something to that deserves an Welcome party? Wtf they are doing out there...I can only say wtf CNN
Shoot, it is way worse than Florence.
"Hurricane Michael" 
Me: "Hah, I guess I'm a hurricane now..?"
My cousin has moved up and now it is drifting to her
Who’s else from nc
Oh look, it's CNN.  Will they have Anderson Cooper in scuba gear, squatting down underneath 1.5-foot water?
No way  😱😱
Living on a generator which is plugged into my refrigerator and my Wi-Fi and my cable box and TV no power here in Florida St. Petersburg whoever gets this hi everyone
Why FL...






why...?
Rip to my bf
Hanging Chad$$atan$$-i-neoz Pentagoner$$ BOUNDBUNDLEDBURNEDROWN EVER FORGIVENRSIMHAYAGRIVARAHA...
I’m, about to cry, like really hard, my grandma is in that and I don’t know if she’s okay, I never got to see her, I hope she’s okay.
Whoa. Unprecedented
I wonder how hurricane feels if it hit New york .. Tbh I want to experienced
I don't get people "trying to ride out the storm".  Get the f---k out of there.
No hablo inglés pero aún así tengo miedo de el fin
Sending prayers and safety for all.
My own hurricane is gonna kill me
God take care yours be careful!!!
No school please??
I don't know too much about climate science. I do know that as a small kid, 20 years ago, i remember rainy days that went to no end. A whole week or more sometimes where it didn't stop raining. The temperature was colder and winter started earlier and ended later. Today winter feels so short. Maybe a week of rain in total, it gets hotter sooner every year and every year a new record of temperature is broken. I hope it we will still be able to go outside at summer let's say 50 years from now.
Praise God, he has the best pressue washers on the planet.
Michael what a madlad
It’s amazing how he can withstand 100 mph winds but it’s pulling up concrete wow  looks like fake news to me
The gauge always breaks?!=/
Most of these comments are crazy lol wow it's sad. I HOPE AND PRAY EVERY ONE IS SAFE THESE DAMN STORMS ARE NOTHING TO PLAY WITH I PRAY TO GOD IT QUICKLY DIES DOWN🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Fortnite in real life
WHAT CAN WE SAY CNN,WE DO WHAT WE WANT TO,WE THROW WATER EVERYWHERE AND NOT EVEN CARE! NAMING THESE HURRICANES NOT GOING HELP NONE OF YALL! JUST NAME ALL OF THEM HEAVEN,ARCH ANGEL MICHAEL IS WITH US! LOL😇😘😁
I'm in Georgia and there is bad storm over here and earlier today there was a tornato close to my house
Watch out for that light pole I’ve seen them come down in a cat 1
This is how you sensationalize weather for ratings.
I live in Florida but I never experienced a hurricane because I move in Florida in the beginning of September 2018 and I used to live in Maryland so yeah
That’s how strong the winds is
God doesn’t like the east coast man, especially Florida
Don't worry climate change isn't real. According to the wisdom of your president.
C0mh5vdw0
.
CNN you are risking your reporters life doing live broadcasts in the middle of a hurricane, that's abusive.
He does know that what he hears is not transformers blowing up it's the fused cutout above the transformer... thus killing the power to the transformer
How are CNN newscasters not dead?!?
How much storm watch can you watch before you have seen too much storm watch
My aunt lives in Destin FL
Hurricane Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Florida. Prayings and blessings for the civilians who need help as well as food, clothing, and home.
Your shoes gonna get wet
Why does that guy in the middle look like Daniel Tosh
Finally a hurricane named after me.
The angel of death is here to collect a daubt from tramp
Prayers 🙏🏼
Yet another damn lie from cnn "news"
Math-Michael
Why do newscasters always stand outside in a hurricane?  They all look alike. Just pull out some stock footage.
I swear to god I started a “fake” meme war on the live stream. Was anyone there for that??
These winds is
I live in Michael's path and it wasn't bad at all. bit of rain and some wind. One tree lost a couple limbs but not that destrictive
Gosh what’s with the M names lately. Matthew, Maria and now Michael?
CNN reporters GET YOUR SAFETY GLASSES ON NOW !
Wow that looks scary
Florida is hell
Hurricane math- I mean Michael
I hope everyone will be safe and please do not forget your pets as well ❤️
I GOT THE KEYS THE KEYS THE KEYS
My name is Destin
Manmade. Do not be fooled. The new world order is coming
Stay safe
We all know what it feels like when the rain falls on you, just wear a helmet already, you're something else.
Like Donald Trump said, this is climate change created by China and is an attack on the US.
Very smart man.
FAKE NEWs
LoL
Better be paying Michael millions man
It's a sad time when Americans have become hateful enough to make "GODDAMN NATURAL DISASTERS POLITICAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " oh how the mighty have fallen....,.............
Ai wash afry one sauf
Lost my house lost my friends also had to move
wait I didn't know there was a hurricane happening 😂😐😶
I WANT A BODY COUNT OF 100 OR MORE.
WOWWW!! 😯🙁😦
Green screen goes a long ways.
They recently updated its intensity at landfall to a cat 5 at 160 mph
OMG CATAGORY 5!!!!!
Even with all this sensational scare tactic media coverage, there will still be casualties.
Like a wild horse. Hang on for the ride boys!!!
Do you think it will hit Texas?
Oml it have an eye
0:13 X3 Fail ?
my cousins cousins live in destin
Dear God, please pray for these people and donate to help if you can. More frequent and severe natural  disaster are happening. I do think climate change caused by man and God are punishing the land and people. The devastation and cost in life and property will be in the billions.
me in orlando, sips tea..
irma michael everything is happening on the east coast.
Michael! Why are you so mean?
Hurricane Michale is a sociopath
I'm pray they are okay ❤😔
You are fake news
That poor man
So many hurricane happening, thank god in England it’s just bipolar weather with just cold and hot, stay safe everyone🙌🏽
That looks fake 🙄
Obviously this is trump and the Russians fault
Rumor has it that the victims of Hurricane Michael can eerily hear the words, “hey vsause Michael here”
My ex lives in Florida. Just blow him away Michael.
I hope my family are safe in Fort Walton Beach 
can I have some prayers for trying to be safe🙏🙏
I hope and pray they will be okay
I wonder how they going to lie about this one
I know how we can solve the hurricane problems.





We nuke them.
Too many hurricane can't keep up anymore
It’s hitting land now!?!?! wow!
This is incredible, Cat 4 almost 5 at landfall, we just had Florence, last year was Irma, Maria, Harvey, Sandy in 2012 and Katrina in 2005! Hurricanes are becoming slower, wetter, and stronger! This what happens in a Changing Climate Earth is Warming and Hurricanes are becoming worst!
are henry county schools closed
Why did I not even here about this hurricane till now but hurricane Florence coverage was everywhere
Why do they make you guys stand outside lol. I'm sure you can give us the same news from inside a building
I am now a hurricane say goodbye to your homes
Help god don’t hit Florida
Well sheet. Ima get hit v
CNN is fake news!
We have major problem and no army on earth can defeat my Lord .
Lord of the prophets a.s ..
لا اله الا الله محمد رسول الله
What category 5?? Thats very high im gonna die here from south carolina where the next target 😵😵😭😭 pray for me
Actual news!?



Lol they seem a bit rusty.  They have become pros at Trump bashing. I bet they can't wait to to get back at it!
"We thought someone was hurt but it was a plastic ape statue on the ground in the midst of a town about to go hard on worm charming!"
All place's wit huricane or tornado should start building brick homes,or move out of  there,periods!!!
Micheal has now been upgraded to a cat 5 with 160mph winds at landfall.
Anybody in georgia got a tornado warning???
Hurricane Math- Michael
Hurricane Math- Micheal
Wow a video that ain't about Trump. Never thought this would be possible..
Well not butting but how do storms get their names?



Also is this F5 ?
I am sure one hurricane after another has nothing to do with global warming... Also in the same note once Miami an NY are under water that is just due to someone in Europe leaving the faucet on. No relation whatsoever...
Why is John not wearing his hood?  He did the same thing during Florence,  lol.
lol the government made another hurricane
These reporters now days just love distruction, to them it's like announcing the superbowl, job security, Hell ya give us Dirty Laundry !
Another one, and another one, and another one
Nice to see the Yanks getting hammered again. Go Michael.
I witnessed it!
When your IRL name is Michael...
Psalms 83
Who else is there in Florida
I hope my cousins are ok
Wow l hope they give shelter to people 😮
I didn't even know there was another one.
Where are you hiding the fans
Look at the man in worse conditions than the women
Haarp is on
that guy talking about the worms.. that's a good reporter.
Why put this guy at risk ??  His life could be at stake ....😳😳
Jehovah
More rain for me in nevada
4:53 the wind and rain are pounding his mouth
My name is Michael 😂😂😂😂😂😂
It's going to get worse every year so get used to it, this is what happens when you don't protect the environment
0:13 😂🧐🤨
PSA: if you need to evacuate and absolutely have no way to take your pets with, DO NOT LEAVE YOUR PETS IN CAGES! at least let them out of the house so they have a chance of survival, animals are smart they know when disasters are coming and will use their own common sense to get to a safe area, if they are in a cage and it floods they have a  0% chance of surviving and will drown if no one finds and saves them. PLEASE DON'T LOCK YOUR PETS UP, THIS HAPPENS TOO MUCH!
Now I don’t believe in ANYTHING they say....
Irmas son
Category Three hee
I might not go to school cuz of this and I  live in GA
Don't wait for Trump to come toss paper towels to you folks, it's all about safety
A whole lot worse before it gets better.The new normal.
That's the spirit of Michael Jackson, so the people of Florida  the USA have some fun 😮😈😀😎✌💓🎶🎶🌍
Close one
'That's several mph shy of cat 5' Um its actually 2 mph shy of cat 5 dumb news people
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and guess FEMA will respond to them promptly. While Puerto Ricans are STILL struggling! Mind you, they were hit by that massive hurricane more than a year ago! Black and brown folks hold less value to the occupant of the White House! Shameful!!!!!
Whonder if this will kill us?
CNN entertainment channel.
Omg it it by Mexico plz say no cuz my cousin are there in my granm
I'm in Florida and its raining so hard help me 😭
Are certain this is CNN??  It's real factual news, not FAKE NEWS.
Welp good thing my house is right up northwest Georgia
Hey, dumba$$’s, find cover. Ah, thinning of the herd.
Next what, Hurricane Jason?
👀
It's just a storm... nothing to see here
I thought the title would have been "Hurricane Michael makes an entrance"
interesting name sopchoppy
Kobe blew again i don't wanna be the rude person here but "it does it ALLLL THE TIME it goes up then down" but i do agree that humans are affecting it causeing one of the Earth's protection i do not remember the name sorry i will say the name once i remember but it's getting thinner so the sun can get through more
HURRICANE MICHAEL//CATEGORY 5)) biggest//strongest storm to ever hit Florida
These hurricanes aren't normal.  I don't care what the "experts" say.
Every once in a while god decides Florida needs a bath
Lets build a wall and a dome all arround the country to get us protected from ilegal weather.
I notice at the beginning the lady almost said hurricane matthew
Bro my friend is playing fortnite while this is going on 😂
Watch libs find a way to blame this on trump lol
☹😯😮😩my prayers are going up for all whom are in the path of this Hurricane Michael's wrath
stream iridescence
Hurricane michael will do some mad destruction, i know this because my name is michael.😈
People pray so that God will protect you 🙏
God please make  everyone ok god please make yhe world ok
Not worth it
Damn there still be marching band practice tomorrow
I used to live in Destin. Hope everyone is safe
So you’ve been driving around to find a spot in the MIDDLE of a catagory 5 hurricane to find a spot to record?
This makes me so sad and terrified for these people. God, they’ve been getting hit so much out there
Damn. This year is gonna be an intense one, with bad hurricanes for the start
Pray for those people who live there
I was watching a Panama City TV station livestreaming this afternoon and they pulled their reporters in when conditions became unsafe.
good job hurricane
Hurricane Trump is next 😀
Hurricane ma- I mean Michael
Don’t forget government has technology to manipulate weather. There was a hurricane last month as well. Hmmmmmm....
My classmate named Michael was gone for about a week, We then found out about hurricane Michael! So we said. “MICHAEL’S TERRORIZING FLORIDA!”
an sorry.... my an Paraguay ,no The Speak  inglish am spañis.
Wow 😮 just wow
What kind of sound stage is he on? 100+ mph wind is uprooting concrete and steel railings but he can stand easily and the mic sounds fine???
I am looking for Climate Change deniers,  they are scarce today.
What the heck was that 0.57
This guy actually brought up the Red Sox winning last night while people lose their homes ... Not your best moment..
Y'all have hurricanes every other day or what?
Fake.. green screen
People are being so stupid in the comment section!  A life threatening disaster landed and somehow y'all want to relate it to politics rather than direct hearts/love and prayers out to those whose lives are danger.  BTW, if you want to point fingers direct them at the real culprits: the elites using HAARP to depopulate!
May GOD be with you in the path of this storm
im so happy a huricane is named after me
I believe these recent huricanes from this year and couple of past years are way stronger that qhat they say they are. Higher than Cat5
The end is near, we have to pay for our sins.
Hey dad look! Your named after a hurricane! 
(My dad name is Michael so yeah lol but still everyone stay safe!)
OMG  amen
Is it going to hit South Carolina? 
I hope it doesn't...I have off of school because it apparently going to hit us.?
Wow my hometown is getting destroyed.
I used blood magic to make this storm stronger since tropical storms are just boring. Look at all this beautiful chaos now. You're welcome!

Please tell Anderson Cooper I'm sorry for potentially disappointing him.
Whoa a 150 miles an hour .that's strong enough to blow coopers plug out
how is he standing in 150 mph wind speed?
hope it passes fast
Tell me again why anyone would want to live in Florida?
why did she said it was a category 5 when it was a 4?
Mother Nature needs to chill
My friends down in there please be safe
The hurricane is me
My grandma and grandpa go to Florida for the winter and I've been keeping in contact with her to make sure she's okay. she was in South Carolina and she had to go back south because the winds and rain was so strong
I’m so sorry I’m the one who made the prayer for something huge to happen a week or four ago I just wanted to see if God was real 😔😭😢😢😭😭😭😫😫😫




Never doubt God‘s power or him his self
I am praying because I know how this would feel if people die my grandma just died 3 hours ago please send
Wait my name is Michael damn
CONGRATS CNN YOUR THE LAUGHING STOCK OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Another one? Jesus...Stay safe, everyone.
These reporters are wild. Tryin to one up each other in danger level
Am I gonna die
Edit:I didn't die Thank GOD
omvoid
At least think of your pets.
Standing in front of a green screen. Fake news
And im sitting in a trailer right outside the eye 😒
By 2040, the Earth is gonna be too hot for it's own good a new study proves. Climate change's effects are gonna be felt a lot, lot sooner than everyone thought.
Is Anderson going to kneel in the water again ??
I was this Live at my school... (middle school) my teacher put it live so we can see it..
I’m in the path of the hurricane but mine is just rain and no power but to the people who got hit hard I preyed for them ❤️👏be safe
Gurl im chilling in New York. Yes itz a lil bit chill but i aint gotta worry bout earth quakes or hurricanes like cali and florida.
El miedo está en sus mentes, por favor luchen contra el que es su enemigo. No están solos Dios está con ustedes protegiendolos. Sólo les pido que sean fuertes
Thank God for President Trump. He is prepared and ready to help with the recovery.
I give my prayers for those who are being affected 🙏
I HAVE 4 CATS 2
CNN is fake news
Quick get out of the Fortnite storm
CNN is fake news
Praying for everyone in the hurricanes path
Look it's a hurricane made of Liberal tears!!
Correction sir:  PCBch has a population of only about 1/3rd that of Panama City proper.  And if you include the surrounding cities and communities, Panama City's population is likely 10X that of Panama City Beach.  Furthermore, Panama City bore more of the brunt of the storm than did PCBch.
May our lord Jesus Christ protects America
Be safe
Please.be safe🙄
that storm looks 'King Kong Strong.' toppling the gorilla.probably real weather reporting this time by cnn .
Well, if it will chase the Yankees away from Florida then I will take all the hurricanes nature has to give. My family has been here hundreds of years, we are prepared.
CNN is fake news.
This gotta be fake hes hardly speaking loudly he would have to scream if the wind was that loud
d.e.w!!!
Yall niggas dead
Trump is the one responsible.
1 like = 1 person saved
You meant warm
Gingerly
My pastor said all these disasters is signalling Jesus coming back to earth and I hope so ❤❤
Brooke Baldwin is wet 😂😂
0:05 I feel bad for that  guy  in  the  middle. _
Mob mob mob
I was scared
CNN advertising their own weatherproof clothing line. Nice.
My name is Michael lol
I’m from Miami and I’m just glad we avoided “the big one” this time.
The Russians did it
God please help
Breaking News!!!  Huge Trump rally just announced in Panama City FLA happening right now!!!  Hey Trumpers, jump into your pickup trucks and get there ASAP!!!
Is it just me or the east coast is just keep getting destroyed and body slapped😂😂😂😁😗🤗😥😚
I feel bad for Florida cuz the just got hit
It was so close for hitting Louisiana I live in LOUISIANA
Hopefully this storm takes the socialism ideology away from Florida.
wonder what category stormy daniels was? she blew pretty hard
OUCH...
The guy in the wind I always have a felling that is fake
😂 my sister name is Sandy and my dads name is Michael 😂
She almost said Matthew
May Allah (god) be with you all hope everyone is safe
N when Michaels done the left over rain turns to snow in Ohio 😒
Pray🙏🏼
That wind is gettin it behind the guy with the red jacket.
Dumbasses standing in the middle of the Gad Damn storm. :/
Climate change is real! 💔
Me, a Floridian: When is the rest of the USA gonna revoke our State License? We're always gettin' hit with hurricanes so it won't surprise me if we get sacrificed to the wind gods.

Hurricane Michael: I got u fam 
👌😂👌
I didn’t hear you rip on our administration. First time in three years cnn went more than five minutes doing so. #cnnisfakenews
Wth another one. Well i guess that explains the rain
I am in Florida and it hit really bad
All I have to say is. Pray for those dealing with these problems and hope them good luck! And o......  Meh......  Gersh. Plus some Random guy came into my school today. Good thing the school police officer and staff members handled the situation quickly and safely. Hope everyone involved with hurricane Michael are okay and not hurt!
Reality isn't matching up with what's on here, I had nothing but clear skies today.
Don’t worry trump will build a wall and make the hurricane pay for it.
Fake news!!!!!
I’m really exhausted from this storm over here in Florida man..hearing a lot of wind where I am and I got a black out in my house
Lying Ted Cruz 😁
Michael myers
Yuppers live in a RV keep the fuel tanks full tires in good shape haul ass quickly to high ground when it's over go back to the concrete pad  level up back to enjoying life
1:00 that was how the wind was when it rained last sunday
hurricane'
This storm is trumps fault. I blame Trump
Wow i do not now what to say
Almost truthful.
Too bad the winds weren’t strong enough to wipe some oF Brooke’s rouge off. Beautiful woman. Too much makeup.
تكبيييييييييييير
الله اكبر ولله الحمد
Praying it will take out Mara Lago and spare everyone else.
Hang on to the power lines maybe then you will tell the truth
The guy apparently only needed to watch for flying debris when he was talking. Weird
How much more proof is needed to say global warming is real...?
Is it just me or she just Said it was a 5 but it said 4?
Donald Trump's message to the victims of Hurricane Michael - "It's your own fault for living there."
Hurricanes are human made #Fuckthegovernment
😂🤣😂🤣😂HUGE FAKE!!!!
Several... could have said two. Teach your reporters better English CNN.
lmao they named a hurrican after me because i be makin all the ladies wet
Why does Florida get clapped by a hurricane every year lmao
God's punishment for kavanugh on red panhandlers.
So, does this mean my CEC Concord location is closed?
So the winds take down a metal railing cemented to the ground and trees leaning at 45 degrees and this guys not even moved by the wind slightly? 🤔
I can see why they took us out of the school.. that thing is a category 5. I live in Georgia and that thing is moving up North. So as it's going it is gonna destroy part of Georgia and it's gonna send harsh winds and hard behind rain!!! If you think about it this is kinda off... Didn't we have hurricane Florence and we had 2 more other hurricanes. This is kinda weird because that those hurricanes were like a month ago. And we already got another one and it hasn't even been that long... I have heard of scientist controlling weather on YouTube... Because people have been saying rumor's about scientist controlling ( not really controlling but interfere with weather) weather with some type of machine. ( And no I'm not talking about Geo storm) and one time it was night and I looked at the night sky I saw lightning ( you know how the sky lights up not the lightning itself) flashing at the same places. It was like. Pattern. And they were small light flashing in the sky so you can tell it was doing it in a pattern. And one side was flashing twice but then the on the right was flashing once in the same place. ( And I'm serious the light flashing in the sky stayed in the same spot.) But then I got tired and went to bed. So that could be evidence of scientist trying to control weather. Tell me some weird weather sightings. ( Sorry if I have spelling errors I just ate some gummies and dranked a soda so I am kinda hyper)
Whoo . the blue waves are very  dangerous .
It better not come to virginia if it does i will be like mom we moving FAR AWAY NOW 😨
That is scary
Weather warfare
Must Be All President Trumps Fault.....lmfao
“We are here reporting live from the winds of Hurricane Matthew- MICHEAL! HURRICANE MICHEAL!” 😂
rip atl
Hopefully it's Donald Trump's house with full force his vacation home
gotta love them green screens lol
Are you sure this is going to cancel school?
0:17 the dude in the middle gonna die
That's my name
God loves you, no matter what God will be on your side amen 🙏
More fake news
Haven’t seen anyone around but like 5 seconds before a truck passes by
Hichael
That's why I hate hurricane!
este video es una porqueria
I knew it would get stronger
EVERY VOTE COUNTS   VOTE
CAME JUST TO DROP THAT DISLIKE FAKE NEWS
Must have a really good mic, or good editing. I can't hear any of the 100 mph winds and he doesn't seem to be straining to talk over the winds either.  He's not really straining at all. Shit this guy is tough
Hopefully Hurricane Mueller and November midterms will make trump evacuate the white house!
no wonder it was so windy at my school
Am I the only one who notice the man on the left looking back like he need to leave like Now!!!
Who gives names to these hurricanes 🙄🙄
Green screen and cgi
Lmao just use fans to blow away the hurricane.
What happened to the oil rigs........
Panamà?
Trump sees this as opportunity
I am going down nearby the storm for Disney world and my Caribbean cruise
HURRICANE TRUMP a CAT 5 will be here in November. Don't worry tho, it's devastation will be confined to destroying Dem crime party members only. .....
Should’ve named it Tay Keith
Panama city beach suffered no damage.. Shut up,!
Now when I watch the weather,  I just can't get that guy out of my head who was over exaggerating the power of a hurricane! lol...hahaha!
I know
Up next....CNN will tie this hurricane to President Trump and blame him for all the destruction.
FAKE NEWS!!!
How do the news cameras stay standing when the reporters barely can?
Can we get those news ppl somewhere a little safer,  instead of in the middle of the storm to give their report? Jeez
If that idiot Berman was really in the wind he would be blowin' all over the place. Green screen.
This is karma for Trump,,"! But we're paying for it.. now we're going to be left like purto Rico*"!
God,we pray today for all those people that live in those places where the hurricane is that you shall save them. Amen
Its funny how unreliable the news is. When Micheal was in southern gulf of mexico they said it was going to hit the panhandle of florida as a cat 1 or weak cat 2 LOL.
5:30 #FreeHarambe
Haarp weather wars  watch dane wigingtom  deborah tavares and elena freelland  videos   on you  tube to see what the rothchild criminal media continue  to lie about along with the  rothchild.defacto gov wake up people we are under attack
Humans deserve this. Wouldn’t happen if people were greedy
2040 people. Where all things End.
LUCKY BASTARDS ITS NATURAL WATER PARK! TRADE PLACES WITH ME!!
About time they named a hurricane after me
Hope it kills alot of people.
1:09 "when all is sudden done" YOU BELIEVE GODDD IS A WOOOOMMMAAANNNn
Oh wow not even a month after Florence isn't Michael gonna hit the carolinas too and they just had Florence hit them
October 20, 2018- I live in Panama City Beach Florida.. Power went off and still no water... Don't drink the water fountain.. Power came back... The eye of the Hurricane missed Panama City Beach but alot of trees are down.. Panama City, Lynn Haven, Callaway and Mexico Beach got hit badly. VERY SAD😭😭😭😭😢😪😪☹😭 and heart breaking..
Can't Trumptards go there and shout at the Hurricane fake news 😂 Let mother nature take care of the inferior 😂🐑
Somehow, it's Trumps fault, right?
Bunch of bs. Fake news. Keep fear mongering.
Im just here in texas in the middle of texas all safe and shit and yeah this is scary thank god it wont likely happen to me or wont but either way hope to all them over there
🙏🙏🙏🙏
Lunatic Lindsey Graham 😁
are you sure this is not man-made storm by Deep-State? there has been a lot of storm in Japan and I’m very suspicious that it was sent by Deep State out of agony of defeat by Trump and Kavanaugh
Not michael
All I’m hearing is no school
*Climate chage doesn't exist*
The wrath of god is upon us the ones who believe will be saved the evil will die this is just the beginning
I live in Panama City, and that was SUCH a HORRIBLE experience, and i did not have time to evacuate. Seeing it on the news is one thing, but experiencing it in person is on a WHOLE different level.... Believe me. The winds were horrific. 4 months later and we're still recovering
Guys, look at the bushes directly behind him. He is in some form of cover. I live near Destin, PCB is getting F'd in the A though
The funniest part of the video is where she was about to hurricane Matthew instead of hurricane Michael
Its hurricane season this isnt climate change CNN is fake news.. the fires in california were arson. The climate is not changing.. look it all up think for yourself.. they want to control the way you think so they can control the way you vote. The media are in cahoots with each other to control the way you think
Was interested to watch the video about the storm. Started it, saw it was CNN, immediately turned it off.
Michael Scott is shaking in his boots right now. So many that's what she said jokes could be made.
9:31pm i hope those people survived cause im so sad for them cause they could die and i my classmates said that there was a hurricane Michael
Sexism at its finest.
Where they put the male next to the hurricane.
Why tho 😕
My name is Michael, this is what happens when I rage at fortnite
Lmao I had to deal with Florence they said it would be terrible I didn’t even lose power
Good the C.omical N.etwork N.ews puts their reporters in harms way...as others do such as The Weather Channel and Fox....
Trump supporter"s r dumber than rocks 😁
They stand in the rain so you don't have to.....
Tragedy is never good. But good comes out of people after the storm is over. It starts new friendship, and repairs bridges that were once broken. It's one more experience in life that is part of our journey. Together we make the storms more bearable.
Good news for a my ppl
Dang my brother and best friend are hurricanes
Fake. news.
Hey guess what youtube my school is still not back because of hurricane Florence and now this hurricane life is great
We floridians get hurricanes pretty often so were used to it by now.
Myrtle Beach and Panama City are both dirty and full of trash.  Debauchery is their only real reason to exist. Damn, what a great day.
You know that’s where they always happen in the ass but mostly the The governmentYou’re the want to be spraying stuff in the air
Fake news
Allah amader sobai ki bepod theke rokkha koron,amin
What have I done
Too bad, only 18 yanks died. Was hoping for a higher death count.
oh no
Lmao it's all fake news republicans. Stay put.
FAKE NEWS
Fake news
Fake news
Fake news
Fake News.
Fake news
Fake news
Lord have Mercy!!!!!!!😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇
HM Another exaggerated storm?...HERE IS WHAT WE SHOULD SEE IF MICHAEL REALLY HAD 155 MPH WINDS:
1. Trains blown off tracks.
2. Cars thrown through houses.
3. No homes anywhere that were not considerably damaged
4. Not one gas station left standing.
5. Serious damage to industrial buildings that were very well built.
6. Virtually no trees standing, with many snapped off at the roots, leaving only a shredded stump.
7. Absolutely no billboards remaining, totally gone, frame and all and not just the face ripped off.
8. All highway signs gone
CNN = FAKE NEWS
oH
DONT LEAVE YOUR PETS PLEASE I BEG
https://www.facebook.com/TheWailingWoods/ \  cdn1.theeventchronicle.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/seg.jpg
I’m I. It rn lol
Rip flordia
Had Colorado ever had a hurricane
Hurricane lands and there's nothing he can do see powerless see this is not his world he needs to be though that time to time next a pandemic will finish the job
Why wouldn't these meteorologists wear protective head gear at least, when reporting  on these fail force winds outdoors? They're not wise at all.
I fell bad for you guys who have hurricanes
Fear Mongering CNN. Five minutes ago it was a Cat 3. Now Brookie Baldwin says it’s a Cat 6?!?! WTF?!?
There god is fiction cant save them from air and water
gracias pero no entiendo porque esta en ingles
Is any american Republic above Allah swt laws?
I love Barack Obama !!!
Hurricane.io
The man in the middle reminds me of that one episode of Drake and Josh and the dad was the weather man lmao
No superpower Country is stronger than God's power.
Creepy Porn Hurricane.
Wtf?!
Is it?
Finally a hurricane named after me
What  a worst  cituation  of  superpower  america  😂😄
Stay safe people  it's a powerful hurricane,  but another deadly storm is heading towards the United States 🇺🇸 the name of the hurricane, hurricane  democrats,
he's not in the storm.  Is this another CNN green screen?
are they faking it again the real loosers CNN
He he is one Brave reporter
People still don't believe global warming and wonder why these hurricanes keep getting worse n worse
This is a FAKE NEWSCAST Just watch the winds in the background and hes just standing there all non chalantly
Damn
I’m scared I might not have a home when I come back home 😿😓😓 and most my stuff is still there
More fake news from the clown  network.
You can’t tell me y’all wouldn’t smash that blonde in the blue...
2 Timothy 3:1 "But mark this: There will be terrible times in the last days."
I voted MAGA because there is no climate change fueling these hurricanes. If there is any damage, I hope that the government does not help me rebuild my home or schools or grocery stores, because that would be Bernie Sanders-style socialism.
She almost called hurricane Michael hurricane Matthew
Jesus people,  they are in front of a green screen.  with a big fan and rain sprinkler.  everyone knows that.
0:57
CNN sucks fake news and half truths
HARP
🛐
Hes apparently more stable than a steel railing inbeded in concrete !trees swaying 8 feet yet shrubs directly behind him leaves are still as a dead bug 155mph ? Probably in a studio with a greenscreen fans and spray bottles real strom on movie screen
Is it just me or is this weather man handleing the wind in the background better then say the HULK?
Climate change doesn't exist guys! All these hurricanes that come and go on a regular basis getting worse and worse over time means nothing! Sigh.. to all the people who think this way.
How much do they get paid to go out there?!?!
can hurricanes even be classified as news anymore so many happen at this point it's not even a bit surprising. also if the storm can pick up a railing cemented in the ground then that guy should be getting pushed by the wind or something
I'll call that hurricane land destroyer instead of Michael
How many hurricanes have we had so far?
Don’t forget guys, just because of one hurricane climate change is real. Grow up people hurricanes have been happening since forever.
😢💔
I wouldn’t want to be there
This report sponsored by Marmot and Columbia Sportswear, the official outerwear of reporters who lost a bet during a goddamn hurricane
If Michael had another hour or two over water, it almost certainly would have hit Cat 5.  It was intensifying all the way to landfall.
Look at these actors lol fake news
Those reporters who are live at the scene getting intentionally wet and putting themselves in danger in front of the camera are clowns. This kabuki theater adds no information.
The storms are getting worse and stronger... that sounds familiar... like scientist have been preaching global warming for decades or so for now... I thought global warming was a myth... hmmmmm.
#fakenews
#fakenews
cnn is fake news
And it's not money
How many harricans
H,mmmm 155 mph winds and yet there hair is barely blowing around? CCN and fake news history makes it hard to believe anything they say
I'ᗰ Iᑎ ᖴᒪOᖇIᗪᗩ ᗩᑎᗪ IT'ᔕ ᗪᖇY ᗩᖴ..Explain
Cnn=fake news
Why do they insist on having people out in the rain? All you need to do is stick a weather vane outside and see how the wind affects it. Or look at some flags or something. Water and electricity don't play well.
WindyGirk esta en Panamá que bueno.
HAARP
Does it impact winterpark, FL???? I dont know.........
I think it's Karma that Republican states are the most affected by Hurricanes. It's also Ironic because they don't believe in Climate Change.
Is it Just me or is the  hurricane is  going to be here!!!!!
People should move to New Jersey because hurricanes never pass us only sometimes...
Wow
Fake news hurricane was caused by Hillary farting.  Call all gore and carbon tax her
Real Weather. Fake News.
My mouth is not working too well because you are f**** lying perhaps? I'd like to see some serious flooding if I'm going to believe this is real
Fake news u know all this view are just computer generated just to get popular
Where are evangelicals saying it's the wrath of God!  Washing out the heathens of all these red States!   Red States don't care for FEMA!   Save the money!
FAKE RAIN, WIND, AND VIDEO CNN FAKE NEWS
Why am I here if it’s on the tv and on the same channel
Fake News
OMG
Notice how none of these "reporters" are using the phrases "global warmimg" or "climate change" to explain this unprecedented storm on the Florida coast. The only thing they care about is how dramatic and dangerous it all is. Good for ratings, eh media? 
The Florida government has also suppressed those words in its state documents.  What a disgrace.
I hope it kills lots of climate-change-denying Republicans...
Anyone?
why tf are they outside reporting it with 155 MPH the winds can make them fly and they’ll die
When is there ever going to be a hurricane in New Castle County (Delaware)?
Tell the truth ferrorist  media  gov and ekites are using haarp  technology  people you tube  dane wigington videos and deborah tavares  wake up to whats opun us all with rothchild weather  wars and risilent kill cities using weather wars
Is this fake news
Well guess who’s getting hit 😑
But here I sit watching it.......
Omg
anybody need a JOB ! go to the beach ,have fun, play in the ocean ?   these people will need some help, so if your not employed and not lazy head on down there to the beach. they got good food. and by now ,red tide is gone.
Who cares? I live in israel.... i have so much luck but i feel so sorry for all those who suffer. Be safe out there. Please don't die
I understand this hurricane is “bad” but I live in Georgia and everyone here is over reacting w this hurricane, shutting down schools, businesses... so far we are just getting hit by a tropical storm.. but my prayers go to the ones for real getting affected by this.
I think man has something to do with hurricanes and weather period. For example..Nasa has a machine in Mississippi that produces clouds that actually rain.. these hurricanes got GPS or something..they almost always take the same path
Algún hispano
My brother.....
Fuck CNN
😥
All I want to know is did Anderson Cooper find another water hole to go play pretend in like last time?
Woosh
I would have broken in to peoples homes if i was there
Maybe not name the hurricane in October Micheal Myers
When did Michael hit
Don't worry Donald says that they are not getting stronger and more frequent and Donald is a genius. Each time it gets worse just follow recommended Republican guidelines:- Put your fingers in your ears, close your eyes really tight and keep shouting naah, naah, naah and pretend it is not happening. You can also prepare to kiss your ass goodbye but that is optional. 
Next time a large storm hits just tell yourself that more and more records don't indicate global warming.
Hi! I can't believe this people work live like this! Theyre in the middle of the hurricane just working... Never happened in my country with any natural disaster. This is too dangerous for them.
Why Trump why?! Two times now. Russian collusion perhaps?
if your gonna be out in a storm like this id very much recommend having a mobile safety bunker so you dont get hurt and possibly killed
Scary😱😱😱😱
I know it's not worth a lot but I hope that you get the help that you need to recover.  I'm sorry that you have to deal with this.
Trump for 2020 cnn fake news lol keeping it trumping
Trumps fault
Florida is one of the worst states in America it has the most school shooting so many hurricanes and political baffled
Geo engineering or just another fake??..never know with CIA..i mean CNN..communist news(not) network
People didn't hate each other this much when Obama was in office..say what u want about him.. the American vibe was chill..
All my fellow Georgians cross your fingers and pray that school is cancelled tomorrow
I don’t watch the news.  It’s hard to do.  Makes me so sad.  🙏🙏🙏🙏⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💡💡💡💡💡💡
"if you want to believe what you see being reported on tv, whether it be cnn news network or any other news media or even the national hurricane center",..."you are a sucker"...for letting yourself be decieved'!
"hurricane michael".."mi-cha-el"..became a category 4#..hurricane at approximately 1am in the morning".."and than at "
5 A.M IN THE MORNING".."A CATEGORY 5# VERY DANGEROUS ".."HURRICANE"..!!
"THE NEWS MEDIA " IS PROBABLY".."PAID A VERY HEFTY SUM OF MONEY BY THE INSURANCE COMPANIES"...
"TO DOWN-PLAY"..."THE TRUE REALITY OF FACTUAL DANGEROUS WEATHER RELATED PHENOMENONS"!!! 
"AND WHY".."IT IS REAL SIMPLE".."THE MORE DANGEROUS ANY
 STORM OR HURRICANE OR TYPHOON".."ARE"..
"THE MORE" .."DINERO/MONEY".."EACH INSURANCE COMPANY IS GOING TO"..
"PAY OUT".."TO EACH OF THEIR INSURED CUSTOMER"..!!

"I DO NOT FEEL SORRY FOR ALL INSURANCE COMPANIES".."FOR THEY ALL WILL SOON SUFFER THE INTENSE WRATH OF"..
"ALMIGHTY GODS"..."THE FATHER AND HIS SON"..!!
"THE GOOD BOOK".."THE HOLY BIBLE".."WARNS".."THE FOLLOWING"..
"THOU SHALL NOT COVET THAT WHICH IS PRIVATE AND SACRED"...
"THE WEATHER AND ALL IT'S ELEMENTS".."ARE ALL ELEMENTS OF THE ANGER OF ALMIGHTY GOD"..,
"ESPECIALLY WHEN VERY DANGEROUS WEATHER CONDITIONS DEVELOP..!!
"I REST MY CASE".."GOOD-BYE"..!!
THIS IS FAKE CNN NEWS AND THEY TOOK A SHOWER BEFORE TO SHOW IS WET AND RAINY THERE!
Well this is karma for voting for Trump. I hope Florida gets hit with even more hurricanes and the death toll rises.
A NEW BEGINNING...... According to bible , Jesus Christ is coming soon... So the Anti Christ is in trying his best techniques to deceive us , but he can't ...so how it can be the end times ?  
Don't worry guys it's  not the end time.. It's the BEGINNING OF A NEW AND PEACEFUL TIME......
uhgmjnmkfujt , b  nbkkygkgkhuhhykjkghkny0frjtuhtuhtiu6k7ukgjhk
mvnghnfj
mjmnbbNhkgjkhhgkiyuftg5truhy n b b wnf
google blocked Fox News report on this! Gotta wonder if Dems are using HAARP to direct hurricans at trump voting 
southern areas, are all these displaced people gonna vote in less than a month?
Hillary clinton said the Mexican word of the day was Nacho still Nacho president cnn didnt report that figured they would be all over it haaaa
I have a question?  Why do these people ask for help from the mainland?  Its hurricane alley. If u want to live there u should know.  Im tired of u guys asking for donations when u know wats gonna happen
Gosh I’m there
Hurricane should’ve went to Miami again so I don’t have school for a month again
It says category 4 buttttttttttttt they say it’s category 5
Hurricanes originate in Africa head to southern states.  Makes me wonder if hurricanes are the souls of slaves that were thrown overboard so that slave traders could collect on insurance.
That reporter is on a sound stage in front of a green screen.
My sister died in this strom
For some " people " weather and hurrinanes are hoaxes, so don't worry, it's just fake news. This is not real. And the earth is flat and all the rain will fall down to space under the flat earth.
Seriously, they need to stop with this ridiculous habit of purposefully standing out in the wind and rain. We get it, it's fierce. We can see it through the on-location videos they put out. But those images can be taken just as easily from inside a shelter, a vehicle, or other safer location. They don't really need to stand out there posing against the elements.
...yet everyone thinks global warming is not an issue ... let's keep going, we are all gonna perish as a result of our human stupidity
Fake news where the black guy from family Guy
CGI
Cgi
Cgi
Cgi
Cgi
Harambe noo!
IM COMING FOR YALL
WTF, is this fake news!!!
Panama City Florida this is the wrath of God on you....there is more to come..a big bust in your government to expose you and your corruption to the world for you are cursed...there are tornadoes and storms coming to you...disaster and violence and no one will visit you anymore..
My brothers middle name is Michael, BROTHER STOP THE HURRICANE NOW!!!!! Ok that was a bad joke.
Notice how this hurricane’s name is Michael and it’s October
It’s amazing how much more steady the reporters are than they were when the hurricane hit NC
Oh crap people take this seriously. Im gone
Quick.... everyone leave the area....danger....send in the reporters.
SuperMarioLogan is dead lol
Please get this reporter and camera man some head protection, if not more body protection, if your going to put him in danger reporting in those horrendous conditions CNN! Flying debris can be fatal!
o0f
This is no mother nature, this is judgment days for America and for what this government did to other countries.
Fake
Well I used to live really close to where the hurricane is.. if I didn’t leave last year my house would be gone, I didn’t even have a basement
These hurricanes need to hurry and come to NewYork I’m not tryna go to school.
This is what Vicksburg Mississippi in Katrina. terrible as Micheal, Can Not be Compaired to Katrina. Thousands missing, Dead bodys floating or found in houses. Biloxi Casinos pushed off the  ocean to end land. Wet elderly shipped to vicksburg from nursing homes from Hattisburg. They had to send gas trucks for those who were able to walk trees and wires. that was just vicksburg. Saying this was the worst? Tell those on that roof at new orleans collisium flagging for help. Does it make a difference in location and race? Don Lemon? Here with cars driving behind one reporter?
Istheamarica
Lmao these guys jobs are to stand a few feet outside of cover just to look dramatic for the camera, and then the last guy even goes, "don't even step a couple of feet away from a solid structure," after he backpedals out of the garage he was taking cover in because the winds got too hard for him.
I can’t take these hurricane seriously.
So many hurricanes... I’m so tired
My dad is now a hurricane help me
wow
Real Hurricane reported by Fake News.
Michael are you in Tampa and are you getting this hurricane. I didn't even know about this storm until I put you tube on. because I don't have a TV and cable.
https://photos.app.goo.gl/Gg4zgs6jS9UPnFtc9
THAY SHOULD HAD VOTED FOR TRUMP !!! NOW YOU KNOW. !!! SO VOTE TRUMP OR ELS !!!!!
Just turn on your fans and blow micheal away
Maybe those 3 CNN reporters will get hurt by the storm..I can only hope so.
https://www.gofundme.com/pc-hurricane-relief-fund?sharetype=teams&member=1004094&rcid=r01-154111516636-3341619b64da4624&pc=ot_co_campmgmt_m
Bruh that report from the guy is so fake
IM GONNADIE
I learned?not to live in America because nowhere is saf
Michael is it’s name.  When did they start naming hurricanes after men?
Has anybody noticed that the strongest hurricanes are with an M like Mathew
That's what they get for voting for Trump
Destin ???  you should have had your crews further east..
Just hate  Crying people for change the names on the hurricanes.
I know for a fact Florida is soooooooo over it 🙄🙄👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽
Wtf do they really have to name the hurricanes
I don't understand . Weather news people stand out in these storms to give an account of the damage and on going storm as it ravages thru towns . Debris flying all around , yet they stand there broadcasting . Are they stupid   What are you  trying to prove , you can withstand the winds , to prove what , that they're super human ?? Foolish to even be out there . Power lines down , heavy winds and debris . People with common sense would never do that . You're not accomplishing anything but proving how dumb it is to do what the athorities are telling people not to do , to be out in this mess . Won't be getting any points  or accaloids from this man , regardless of a job or no job . .I'm 71 year's old , not lived this long being stupid .
why do they keep putting journalists in danger by reporting from hurricanes and tornados? get to shelter, show what the people are going through to deal with stress, fear, basic necessities, etc.
good thing climate change is just a hoax propagated by the Chinese! =/
If we named hurricanes ghetto names, they wouldn't do anything.
Hey guys Micheal P here
Honestly Michael was not a category 5, or even a storm remotley close to 155 mph winds, it was a storm most likely with 140 mph winds at landfall, what i mean is that iv'e scouraged through many hurricane videos at this point and this storm was NOWHERE NEAR 155 mph winds. Look at Andrew for example, Andrew decimated areas soley on wind power, where michael did most damage with storm surge. And even though Andrew was recorded as having 165 mph winds, and if michael was upgraded to a category 5, I seriously doubt 5 mph difference would mean that much of a difference in wind speed, or even 10 mph differnce for the matter. Also look at Hurricane Charley Gas station video, The winds look way stronger than Michael, but Charley is put down as having 150 mph winds, lower than Michael. To wrap this up, Michael did not have 155 mph winds at landfall, and absoulutley not category 5 winds at landfall, just look on other hurricane videos to form a conclusion
I’m slightly relieved that I won’t have to go through another hurricane
Who tf names hurricanes.
Green Screens, Conspiracy Theories, When People Think More Of TV Coverage & Whether Its Real Or Fake, Than Real People In Danger, America Is Dead From The Inside Out & Rotten...........
My name is Michael
Did Trump cause it?
I bet these femenist women here wish they were housewives right about now.
Florida had a hurricane? I’m sorry but wth if we did then where was the wind and shit tf have I been living under a rock!?!?
FAKE REPORTING FAKE NEWS
Why is cnn on my recommended for you. About anything 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Fake news CNN is fake.
Like si no entiendes ingles
Do you have to exaggerate? If you are 2 miles short of cat 5 it makes it cat 4. Quit making news up!
Nothing is going really good rn and now there's a storm names after me
Didn't take long for the religious whackos to invoke the word of "god" to explain why it happened. Idiots.
So we gonna blame the gays for this or the atheists?
Please stop standing in the storm and reporting. It's just stupid and careless. Through the years people have placed themselves in harm's way for a reaction. Just stop. Please. It's unnecessary.
How do we know that guy is actually on location??? CNN are damned liars about everything. Remember the idiotic shenanigans during the Gulf War 1, the reporters pretending to be in Baghdad and putting on gas masks for non-existent chemical attacks???
I really don’t understand why anyone thinks they need to stand in the hurricane to give an update.  STUPID.
Micheal, micheal yes papa? Making tornados? No papa. Telling lies? No papa. Make a tornado.Hahaha!
Trump has Created the storm with his disrespect to the LGBTQRSTUVWXYZ-Up Up Down Down Left Right Select Hold start
Can people not see the CGI in this s*** more fake news these people are going through hell when we get more fake news
This sucks. My heart honestly goes out to everybody in Florida. I can't even imagine. It's so so sad. But really quick... the reporter in not actually standing in the hurricane. This is in the studio. Anybody can see the 100mph wind and he is just strolling back and forth in front of the camera. Anyway... it's faked.
Hurricane Michael? In October? Like, uh, Michael Myers? From Halloween? Named after the holiday which takes place in October?
This is why im in Michigan #MichiganIsSafeFromHurricanes
get back to reporting on russia. They’re all trump supporters down in the south anyway. Who cares about them
Hurricane Michael Is dressing up as Hurricane Florence this year for Halloween
fake news. hurricanes aren't real. wake up sheeple
Fake news the first one already said it was a cat 5 then she changed it now the second one is standing in the storm with wind speeds over a 100 miles an hour. Please tell me how is he able to stand and the first reporter didn't know the name of the Storm called it Matthew wow
Being in the middle of the storm reporting news does what? I’m pretty sure everyone in that infected area are aware.
The bulk of Democrats live along the coasts. Hurricanes viciously attack the coasts. Karma?
For once you guys got more likes than dislikes and you know why??? cause you report on real news thats why!
Weather attacks from military = Nice gains for money-changers. $$$$$$$$$$$
gotta love that CGI! lmao
How did it go from F (Florence) to M (Michael) because I thought they did ABC order
I live in Texas
Fake Hurricane News.  The speeds were 150 km/h -- not mph.  They are intentionally reporting km/h as mph to scare people.  It's 90-100mph (barely even a hurricane)
These reporters have got some balls or desperate for a raise in paycheck.
How is cement and railing getting bent over and pushed around but this guy is standing at 100mph winds.
I’m scared 😭😭😭
CNN, what a joke
Why she look like the sun strider 0:05
I hope its not that bad in Georgia in south my sis is pregnant and is down there.!
They can't stop the fakes news
Hurricane Serigo will make landfall Oct 12, Hurricane Leslie is turning towards the east coast and so is Hurricane Nadine we are in for it this year
Well as I remember it's earlier than last year last year it hit about October twenty and it looks like now we are dealing with s*** that is more hectic than Irma which I was talking about before and let's see what happens Texas and Florida are in for trouble every single autumn
Why is it always the red states getting hit.... 😥
beach
God curse America!
Trump caused this hurricane
台风吧
Poor animals....look what we have done to this planet, we have ruined it for all living things. We are a filthy cancer on this wonderful world we are gifted to inhabit.
Lucky That im Live in Cambodia
Oh. This is the perfect texture for running
Be careful guys god bless u 😭😭😭
Hope y’all all safe, may god be with you always.
reporters on scene seem so silly standing still to await further comments after initial broadcasts, where's the strategy for personal protection ?
Wonder how the government controls the weather?
I'm in Fl
Michael makes an entrance
Finally, a hurricane named after me. I've been waiting for this.
And here we go! God bless you guys. 🤘👽
Really? You said Matthew lol you have no clue lady
There is NO way I’d be doin that lol I pray for their safety
I’m in Georgia.......no school! Yay
Holy crap
I THINK I SEE ANDERSON COOPER IN THE DITCH . SOME ONE THROW HIM A LIFE RING . 40 TO 50 MPH WINDS LIER LIER PANTS ON FIRE .
If it was truly as windy as he (1st guy) say it is he would be flailing so would his jacket, also the whistle of the wind would be loud and clear. My tin hat is tingling 😁
Nice green screen.
Fake news
So much for causing global warming, all there mostly probably is now is warm bodies of water giving off massive potentials for hurricanes to CRUSH everything! Really feel sad for the people....
Stop forcing your reporters to put themselves in danger!
😥😥😥
"Where we are covering the landfall of Hurricane Mat- Micheal"

-Brook
The damn trees are bending over . This guy stands tall and in place lol
They say Cat5 but Gloria was more violent.
This will be a meme soon
God bless  🇺🇸🙏.
Praying for my brother Paul and Robert kizer. Please be safe.
Everybody please pray for me I live in America/mobile pray for my and god bless you all and my brother is playing fortnite and he doesnt even know what's coming ily all
I live in Georgia..................
5m subs soon
She said  hurricane Matthew boi she made a mistake she about to say hurricane Michel
Why do they name every single hurricane?
a hurricane name Michael in october..nice!!
reporters thinking, "Don't move, don't become meme, don't look like that last reporter"
My aunt right now is stuck trapped under her roof that collapsed she couldn’t leave with everyone and 911 isn’t working. I hope she gets out ok.
CNN lol
How are they standing this right after they get paid they die
Fake
Omg we gonna die ;-;
What’s up guys
North Indians will say it’s because Americans eat beef. They said few months back that Kerala had flood because they eat beef.
Florida people: SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT
Rip how ever died
stay safe everyone !!
Over 270,000 have lost power so far
Is John okay
laughs as I get consumed by flames on the west coast
There is no global warming, it’s climate cycles, not.
Notice this guy never shows any depth in the video.   Lies lies lies
This is a pretty big hurricane the people ahead area should get out pretty strong ⛈
Look how he's standing there with his arm out ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Me and Michael.... whoaaahhh
More intense storms... As predicted....  Fake storm?
Job 37:5-13 Kjv 📚™
This was not meant to be a cat 4 hurricane. The storm was weaponized with geoengineering.
OOOOOOOOOOFFFF
Every year from now on, Florida, and other eastern states’ low lying coasts will be mostly under water, reducing the land mass in the US. Oh, and climate change is a hoax. ...right.
Very high
Don't run generators inside your home. The carbon monoxide will kill you and your family. Please be safe. Power will be restored. God bless you.
R0
Global warming? what else flying unicorns?😂
Man John is a straight savage.
The evangelicals say don't worry about climate changes jesus will save us
Who got here because Mrs . Cummings
Next hurricane name..





Hurricane 
Michael Myers has done it again
Iam in it right now
At this point, we might as well abandon those areas altogether. We can’t rebuild before another hurricane hits
What a mockery!  You reporters should be imprisoned!
Photoshop
I wish the death cost is 0 and people evacuated fast and also
Scary!!!
Rip
I didn’t even know it was bad I just know over here in Orlando we got lots of rain
✈️✈️✈️✈️
CNN sucks
CNN sucks just came here to say it
But seriously giving a hurricane a name that's babyish
There is a strong probability that this weather forecast is complete b***** b u l l s h i t t because my voice recognition will not allow me to spit to swear furthermore I would like to say that this is completely unfounded I look at this hurricane map and it looks like garbage and it looks fake but I will still believe it because it's from a reputable news source
So fake
He standing up like 155 mph with is nothing
Wth i thought it was a Category 2, damn
God bless every body that are in Florida👼👼💔💔🙏🙏💜💜💜💜
Why would micheal jackson ruin florida?


Im sorry for the bad joke
Guy in the middle is with green screen fo sho
Luckily, according to Trumpdy Dumpty, climate change isn't real.🙄🙄
M O G
She was about to say hurricane Matthew 😂
.note to self ....look into making plans for next year's worm charming festival....
R.I.P.
If you want to know more about the dangers of Transformers look up "Transformers Rule 34"
I live in iowa why tf am i watching this
Mwahahaha. The barracks are going to be lit. I armed the whole marine side with fully automatic battery powered nerf guns before I transferred. As soon as that power goes off, it'll be an all out barracks hall nerf war zone.
Fake news
Too bad the administration moved fema money over to ice. Storms are stronger because the water is warmer, we have 10 years to stop fighting with each other and fight climate change instead.
🌀🌊🌊🌀🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Maybe they will stop building on those condos now. Go ahead. Open your patio door!
Still not sure what the significance of putting reporters in the midst of the storm is. Is it for more viewership? For showing off the storm? For making someone’s day terrible?
TRUMP2020!!!!!
One of those guys is in front of green screen . Give me a break you cant stand in 100 120 mph wind and not get a leaf blown on you . Hair barley blowin coat stops movin . Stupid cnn fake news
Haha, 2004 was worst, but yknow. MY STATE IS GETTING OOFED
OMG be careful bro and sis 😮🌊🌊
My friend JUST LEFT FLORIDA
I'm in Florida Daytona
heyyy Florida, Michael here
Oh they will be fine
Cant wait for the president to act like hes doing something. 🙄
Insert MJ joke here
HELL NO
Look at the way the gye is standing ha ha ha ha ha ha
0:14 Did she almost get confused with Hurricane Matthew and Hurricane Michael? lol
Fake coverage
Yikes, these hurricanes are way too powerful these days.
Is this fake too? It's on CNN so they probably screwed up the facts, as usual.
You deserve that....You destroy my country SYRIA,may GOD make USA burn and drown✌✌✌👍👍👍
Not one leaf hit this man...not one...nice green screen
Fake storm
Gods punishment for gay people in,,,,New York.
Fake CNN dont lye anymore that there is no hurricane!
CNN FAKE NEWS, EVEN THIS CLIP LOOKS SO FAKE!!! HE'S CLEARLY NOT IN THE MIDDLE OF A HURRICANE😂😂 TRUMP 2020
Florida: Hey wanna join my party? 
Michael: Sure! 
Florida: you better not make a m- nevermind.
I live in panama city, and there was sunny with no wind all day long. xD
Big fans not real lol.
About that thumbnail, I live in Panama...THIS IS A HURRICANE?!!! I mean it IS raining
I hope everything ok
HOLY GREEN SCREEN BATMAN!!
Fema I'm sure is standing by
Clearly this is Trump's fault somehow!
You know... I am from Panama City, Panama and these names are just confusing.
I feel bad for those who are having to deal with such disaster. I'm guessing this name will be retired now.
0:13 lmao she was going to say Matthew
What the hell was the second guy talking about
Hurricane Michael picks up water so don't get wet this is a intense weather hurricane Michael is one of the most strongest and powerful the eye is calm hurricane will remain until be. Hittin in virgina, Florida
Donde es este Huracán alguien que hable español ??
Why can’t this stope???!!! Can “EVERY” hurricane power down and die like hurricane Jose like whyyyyy
Terrible, terrible, ahi la naturaleza es cruel,
Welp I need to get really for this. plus I live in GA...and..im afraid 😢
I LOVE HURRICANES NO SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!😂
Why are these actors just standing there talking....no dramatics CNN? Why NOT? Your the finest purveyor of fake news....the weather channel actors got you beat....you should be ashamed not exaggerating this crisis.....funniest part is when the male actor says he's keeping an eye out for flying debris......lol...all while focusing on the female actor and camera.....look behind you idiot....you missed the bus!!!......in so many humorous ways!
am i the only person (who lives in florida) who didnt even know there was a hurricane until the day of, us floridians are so use to hurricanes its not even a big deal at this point. its like a "and i just cant believe these monkeys are doing backflips, and back to you jerry, oh yeah and there is a hurricane coming tommorow, just a cat 4 tho so ur good"
where’s a fake reporter stumbling in the wind with 2 guys walking behind them?  CNN you missed your chance for more fake news, how could you?  it didnt work for the weather channel but CNN could probably pull it off.
Daytona just got drizzles
This guy is a clone
It’s going to Orlando my dog is there and my dad jesus will protect him his in Kissimmee so I think he will be find
ride it out and loot
Are you REALLY  there ?
Global warming
End is Here
Michael is my name
John's gonna get all the cookie when he gets back to the station :D
Who was waitin for branch too smack him in the face
.........but climate change isn't real, right?
What a bunch of drama queens.
F
Are ya gonna pin it on Trump
What we don't realize is, hurricanes are warm storms. So for most of us we think that after a hurricane passes, it's cool clear and sunny. Well tomorrow for this area, temps will be in the 90s, high humility, with heat indices in the 100-110 degree range. Sucks...
I love how all these anchors/reporters scurry out to the storm in order to get some air-time showing them (their network) being pummeled by hurricane Micheal. While I am mostly disgusted by this...I do have to say that John Berman FINALLY doesn't look and sound like a wuss. I'm liking this more butch, weather-torn stance. ;)
What kind of fake news is this?!?!
“It was uprooted and bent over” - That’s what she said. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Transformers on fire? It can and does happen, but they saw more than one? Two? Three?   I don't believe it.  CNN is not reliable.  I just wonder when these clowns are going to blame Trump for Michael?  I'll bet dollars to donuts they are working on a story to blame him for this storm and the slightest difficulty anybody has afterwords.  CNN is FAKE NEWS.
This is so fake, this guy is standing in front of a green screen and they have a massive fan out of view with a mist machine that is giving the illusion of him being outside in the storm. His hair is barely moving only from the breeze of the fan. No way that guy is outside reporting, plus we would barely be able to hear him through the massive roar of the wind. This is clear media deception. Stop falling for these networks tricks, folks
Lmao there is no way hes standing there while trees are bent to the ground nice TV show smh
how he still standing if it 100mph
Come on dude, Florida suffered enough
God make people okay!
NWO WILL FAIL
How do they come up with the names for these hurricanes? 🤔
End of world for me it raining hard Im in hurricane micheal
The winds just like,
“Yo guys”
Other winds: “what”
“Wanna make another hurricane only a few weeks after that other one?”
Other winds: “ yea sure!”
WTH is with all da hurricanes?!
Press A to pray for those living in the hurricane area
Meanwhile, Trump heads to another Klan rally in pennsylvania.Oh ,poor Florida, just stand your ground ,everything will be fine .
I WANT TO SEE ONE REPORTER STANDING IN 155 MPH WIND......
Oof
Omg
Im no professional but does this not look fake? Like It looks like he is standing in front of a green screen with a fan blowing at him. It just doesn't look right for some reason. Obviously im not saying the hurricane is fake lol, I'm curious as to whether that guy is legit standing in that storm or not. Just the first guy, the other people are obviously on location.
The bush above the word news doesnt move but everything behind it is whipping but just not those front bushes.
SO SO FAKE........
How much you getting paid 😂😂
Cnn still real FAKE NEWS....LOSERS...
I believe these hurricanes are telling us something....

TRUMP!?
Mbjvfg.kgk.hk.hxmk.shn.ykykst,jjtTkthlitkrgjbbr mnr,good uwojr8pi93i9i8pt3j9pi8pj8otsjp8j3p9eljwlit
oeiwow
lislitjolrkollklitrlifli.gi,
Hurricane Micheal Myers
I had to ;-;
Prayers to All in the Path of this Monster Storm.
❤️,
From a Former Floridian now living in San Antonio,Tx
I hope it doesn't get far in North Carolina where I am :(
Yo rip my friend over in Georgia he went dark 5 hours ago. Last I heard he lost power
A hurricane named after me. Wow
Praying for all of your those affected by that terrible hurricane. May God protect all of you.
What in the world so Florence ain’t give us enough and her brother come? OK IM GOING TO AFRICA WHO COMIN WITH ME
I wonder if people in Florida(state voted red) have finally started to believe in Climate change?
Complete catastrophic damage....Florida will never be the same....that's how bad this storm is......many many fatalities to come
City manager?  That’s why Michael is pissed; his wife sent him to make a return.
Fake News.
CNN is so fake they dramatize everything.
Don't believe Fake News Network!
You would have to be a complete idiot to believe this is a real hurricane. Try vortex that creates tidal waves and destruction. Wind instruments reporting less than 60 mph winds. What a joke.
155mph?!!... holy jesus....
Does CNN only hire white weather personnel? SMH
🙏🙏🙏 for everyone safety!!! Amen
News reporters :This storm can kill you


*Sends reporter to Florida
that is bad i hope everybody is ok
props to the camera man
"Hurricane Ma- Michael"
Im pretty sure she almost said Mathew
Just another day in the southeast, this is like a snowstorm in Colorado.
It's not news.
HURRICANE KATRINA AND MICHAEL XDDDDD
Oh and don't forget to get your pets to it's very important to bring your pets it's for your own good
Wow I hope citizens of north Carolina were prepared for this kind of natural disaster.
A new trend: hurricanes
Nooo my aunt is in panama they just announced the storm is catigory 5 in pan a
Category 5, but it is a couple miles an hour shy of category 5????
imagine just having 3 hurricanes surrounding the U.S
Hurricane Math- Michael, hurricane Michael.
Do never leave your pets people I'm watching you
Fake news
Trump is quacking.
🇵🇦
Green screen lmao
WHY ARE THEY STANDING IN A NEAR CAT 5? RIDICULOUS. I do not want to see a live death or any at all.
Y’all are not really out there get serious you get to go home to your home after you get off the green screen. How is someone not struggling to stand straight up in 100 mile an hour winds ??
Opobre
Fake news cnn
DIOS CUIDE A MI PANAMA
May god protect mother Russia
Optimus Prime and Ironhide are in Florida?
John is a true weather master!
Rip I going to die😣😢😭
Only Michael Bay has killed more Transformers.
Hey vcos micheal here
🙏🏼💗
RIP TFUE
When will florida not get struck by hurricanes. It must suck to be there. Stay safe if anyone's there right now
Well forget becoming a football player, how about a scientist so they take me to mars with them
Oh it’s windy during Hurricanes , who knew.
Nice Green Screen Loser...
Off topic but I just wanna comment that I got some pretty hardy chuckles out the such dry delivery of a few quick jokes John made lol. If you're not paying a lot of attention, he says it so calmly, you almost don't realize he's cracking a couple jokes in the middle of a hurricane lmao. Go him.
John Berman you might want to get out of there......
that is really bad is everybody ok
Michael come over 😩💦💦
Wow me name is michel
so bad im Going to be next becuase i Live in Alabama 1 like im safe also pray for me
I Truly Respect this type of narrator. Being out there in those conditions is a JOB!
LIBTARD COMMUNIST PANZI ASS PUSSIES
