How can you mention that Biden ran for President in 1988 and leave out the fact that he left the race because he was caught plagiarizing speeches, and also got an F on a course because his paper was someone else work.
BBC was wrong about Hilry, the it will be the same with creepy Joe
Joe doesn't need luck to win in 2020
He needs a MIRACLE! 🤗
Apparently this is his FOURTH attempt. The second one is excluded by those friendly to him because he dropped out over plagiarism charges.
The like/dislike ratio tells you all you need to know about creepy uncle Joseph.
America has clearly made itself clear that it no longer supports establishment politics whether on the left or right so whoever wins will not be Biden.
I hope not. He's exactly the opposite of what I want in a candidate
Nothing about Biden’s horrendous record! Bankruptcy bill, opposition to school integration, vote for Iraq war, and of course, opposition to testimonies that corroborate Anita Hill!
BBC news. What a shameful fluff piece without content!
Can I please support BBC more than just paying TV licence? Feel I should pay for my brainwashing my master
MR T for president
Looks like he’s had a bit of plastic surgery to make himself look more presidential. 

I bet the BBC won’t smear him though as he has the ‘right kind of politics’.
BBC backing Creepy Uncle Joe Biden. I wonder why?  Like his quote about Obama ""I mean, you got the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy,"

The first 'clean' African American? I'm sure Booker T. Washington among others bathed.
Nobody wants that old relic with 1960’s thinking in the WH !
Biden is like Bbc saville
Well shit, now I know his family’s dead and he ran before but nothing that he actually stands for
Mishandled the Anita Hill hearing? If this video and the BBC was your only source of news you'd be thinking he sent her a letter with the wrong time on it or something.
Joe Biden is the definition of swamp. He can only make money selling us out.
ROTFLMAO we call him Creepy Jo over here, because that what he is... He is a career, promise everything to everybody, and deliver nothing politician... your spin story says all we need to know about the bbc...
Joe ''hold her tighter, she's a fighter'' Biden
Lmfao. Maybe Clinton & Co. should run too. Third times a charm 🤣😂

Trump 2020
I see he’s adopted anti-white rhetoric to get those minority votes.
Creepy bison is favouring china because they gave him a billion dollar credit.   Bid on is a scammer
I  hope Creepy Joe Biden wins the Democrat nomination as he'll be handing President Trump four more years
Bumbling Joe was such an embarrassment. You could tell President Obama thought he was a joke too, he didn’t even endorse the guy!
Joe needs to be president so he can pardon these DNC/ Rino crooks in DC. Its obvious who the establishment wants.
3 time loser.
He's been in the swamp decades and has nothing to show for it nor has tried to stop it.
Trump 2020
Jr. 2024 & 2028

Scotland the brave!!!
Democrats have so many people throwing their hat in. They're going to have to flip a coin and have the super delegates decide who gets to run against Trump. 

       This is going to be a lot of fun to watch!

        The hyenas have circled and have begun feeding.
Sleepy creepy Joe is China's boy toy.  His profitable dealings with China will eventually spill out.  If he did become President we can look forward to the elimination of USN and British warships doing freedom of navigation exercises in the South China Sea and acquiescence by Biden of China's right to build islands in international waters.  Biden is the definition of a scum bag.
Can't see this schmuck winning against Trump.
creepy sleepy je has Had it all with obama what does he want!?!!
Bernie sounds the most genuine with his policies the rest are fooling the people
The Democrats are in sad shape if two old lefty farts like Uncle Joe and Comrade Sanders are their leading presidential contenders!
that creep couldn't swat a fly let alone punch anybody. that's why in order to fulfill his sexual desires on women and children, he smells and caresses them. talk about a dirty old man
Creepy Joe is Obama 2.0!
Joe is Hillary 2.0. He might win the popular vote (best case) and lose the electoral college.
Been Broadcast Communism propaganda machine
Joe Biden 2020, Bernie,  Elizabeth
Good luck Joe, 3 might be your lucky number.
Sleepy Joe has evil eyes.
Beady little  eyes ,  50 years of elevated power.   Where is this CHANGE IN GOVERNMENT.        WE SEE YOU JOE.
Last thing we need is Oboma 2.0
Creepy tRump walks into pageant dressing rooms to watch young girls.
To appeal to disabled voters, he went to a rally in a wheelchair.
( what a schmuck )
Pedo but the BBC won't talk about that as they protected Jimmy!
Third time is a trip to Gitmo in the near future.
You don't inform public of his 2009 brain surgery. 
He's not all there.
Say NO to Creepy Uncle Joe Bidenstein.  Vote Dr. David Duke 2020!
Biden's still better than Trump!
Why have people forgot about trump talking about grabbing women by the p*ssy? And still sits in office as though he's perfect..creeper!!
active trumpers, I see :D
Wow!  This man went through hell!
Dirty Joe.
No Fukien way!
Joe u got this let's get dump aka trump  outta here either way trump will have his time then he's outta here to bad it dont last 4eva
Trump will stomp Pedo Joe into oblivion.
Alfred E. Newman in 2020!!  "What me, worry??"  LoL!!
cannot wait for the multiple biden gaffes forthcoming
I wouldn't employ him as a babysitter i know that 🙄
old and older are running for the office
He doesn't have a chance
Old Creepy Joe, "So many to fondle, So little time" 2020.
Na, this guy is a joek
We, the people do NOT want this Catholic no good sob!!!!
Just say "NO" to creepy Joe.
Paws off those children creepy sniffer Joe. Geeze...he is as bad as Catholic priests!😂😂😂
#trump already win #2020
one creepy old guy
The bathroom line at a trump rally is bigger than his entire crowd
Good. candidate for the president. The Family Guy. Peter Griffin
"... JB you can remain silent... you'll have to clear your name off the distribution list of Susan Rice's infamous COA email... first!"
You'll also have to be able explain what you'd done with the no past president for the last 8 ... long years!?

Just a friendly reminder...

EUDS
Joe ; you are a groper who has probably got paedophile tendencies - the public videos prove it.
DEMS 2020 [X]
"Folks, America is an idea." 
Is this the man you want leading us? America is not just some idea you can toy with and alter whenever it suits you. America is a Nation. America is a conquered land. America is where traitors go to DIE! STRONG BORDERS! STRONG NATIONS!
PEDO JOE 2020!
Biden? That drunker.
Just a glorified average Joe, ...a bit creepy, but ultimately harmless
Creepy joe. Qanon
Biden hope & chains 2020
LEFTIST MAD MAD WORLD lol with Mad Maxine Waters as the DemWits leader and Nancy Skeletor Pelosi and Crazy keep your hands off my kids Joe Biden and Crying Chuck and the leftist DemWits hysterical media... it's a helluva show rotflmfao 💜 😂 !!! Pres Trump 2020 WIN WILL BE HISTORICALLY EPIC !!!
Creepy Uncle Joe keep him away from the little children
This man brings up the debacle in Charlottesville and fails to mention:
1. The "right-wing" marchers had a permits from the city of Charlottesville for ALL of their demonstrations/marches.
2. The left-wing "anti-fa" had no permit. Not a single one.
3. The left-wing "anti-fa" assaulted the "right-wing" marchers with batons, flame-throwers, stun-grenades and acid-bombs.
4. The Charlottesville Police did nothing to hinder the left-wing  "anti-fa"  from assaulting the "right-wing" marchers or even try to shield/protest the lawful and peaceful marchers.
For shame you lying sack of cow-manure!
I hope Andrew Yang wins. These old geezers need to retire.
Wow the BBC is desparate. BBC wants anybody, any lowlifer, as long as it's not Trump.
Retire sleepy Joe
This guy has no chance, hell the democrats ain't got no chance, there whole candidate set this time is clowns. 2020 is in the bag for trump.
I didn't know male pattern baldness was reversible Joe. What is your special secret, surely not hair plugs? Since we now allow people's appearance to be political fodder I ask uncle Joe gets the same treatment.
Trump 2020 🇬🇧🇺🇸
No way waste of time
Third time Strike Out.............
He wont win
Im glad more people are seeing how creepy he is. i thought i waas the only one
Alex Jones is at the White House
Captain America went on to run for president?
I was vice pres for 8 years and did nothing but take lobbyist money for my son and myself.
Old uncle Joe should won the second time in 2008.
Creepy Joe sniffin' hair again.
Paedophile Biden, more skeletons in his closet than Tony Blair, paedo Joe would give Harvey Weinstein a run for his money.
No way
#NOCREEPYJOE
No. Just, no.
Americans think they're being given a choice on the nominees.
It's quite clear that the Democrats have already made that decision for them. No matter what the vote says, Joe Biden will be it.
Goodbye Democracy.
Creep Joe won't be president but you can already see the BBC narrative in this story and others.Trying to condition the British public.The BBC and other news media do look empty now.Its visible they are dying.
Corporate owned politician
Hahahahaha, as if...
Trump 2020
Trump 2020
Trump 2020
If American Politics and Policies were a vehicle:
Biden: It's fine! Just needs a few tweaks. All it really needs is few belts, some hoses, a little retooling, an oil change, a new carburetor, alternator, fuel injectors, fuel pump, air filter, radiator, timing chain, axel, rotator cuffs, brakes, tires, oh yeah and some gas.
Bernie: Joe, you do know we could buy a new car with money left over for what all that is costing us right?
Biden: But it's vintage!
Bernie: So are we, that's why we should get a new car now so our kids have something dependable to rely on once we go.
This guy is not to be trusted. Another corrupt career politician. Just look into Ukraine gas scandal.
Lol,  a threat to himself!!
this man should go and have a rest let them give the young ones a chance to run for president
Give him a shot
Well. America would be less of a world joke and the butt of the world if they elected Ronald McDonald at this point. Hamburgler for VP!
not for one minute ....Pedo Joe will probably go to jail ....
Biden 3.0 = Trump 2.0

Sleepy is a deliberate euphemism for  Creepy.

Andrew Yang and Bernie as VP are the best  choices.
Not creepy Joe Biden.. no no no no ....
I want to be like creepy Joe when I get old and be happy with young girls.
For creepy Joe won't win in 2020 because he will not be able to get black men to the voting polls because what he did to black american men in 1990 we will never forget what he did to out community so go to hell you creepy old man.
America has never once voted in a third-time presidential contender in all of its history.  Never once.
#GropeMeJoe 2020
Are we going to talk about Creepy Uncle Joe has brain surgery in the 80s so he'll stop wanting to be with children choking the chicken is he would say he has some big mental problem
Creepy Uncle Joe is his name, and nothing can wash away his history of perverted behavior. Just ask his secret service.
Tulsi 2020 - she is the only real candidate with a heart and logic, all the others are propaganda preachers or just plain incompetent (other than yang, but Tulsi will do UBI also). BBC is a corporate shill.
Great fluff piece
To be fair, I like him more than Hillary!
Denied 👎
I wonder which candidate the establishment elite want us to vote for..
Forgot where I read that Biden and Bernie represent the old, the previous. I agree. Depending upon the candidates actively running in the summer of 2020, I'd likely vote for Pete Buttiegieg.
Creepy Joe has no possible chance.
The United States is a plutocracy with an elaborate window dressed simulation of democracy used to deceive its people. Its an arrangement in which
the nations resources are committed to its privileged classes and the protection and enlargement of their wealth at the expense of ordinary Americans. It won't matter whom the American people vote for, nothing will change.
BBC is FAKE NEWS!!! Bernie Sanders is leading in all poles that are real.  IJS
The only qualification needed is not being Donald Trump... voting him out is the whole point!
He's coming from Democratic & pete buttiget also coming from Democratic! However, i just want to trump vanish from pm of USA!!!
Third strike your out of hereeeeee!
I heard military guards will be at every voting booth in America to make sure no illegal aliens vote and the Democrats cannot cheat the election
I wouldn't trust this guy to babysit my kids, forget about running the country.
Guys a closet PEDIPHILE,,sickening,,
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Anyone can beat TRUMP AT THIS POINT😜😜😜
Creepy peedofile joe 😂😂😂😂😂 keep yer has off my daughter
Someone please ask dirty uncle Joe. Why his son was made a millionaire by the Chinese???????
Name one piece of meaningful Legislation he has gotten past???? Zero - nothing- not one.  this pervert swims naked in front of female Secret service agents. 

Run dirty Joe Run
Hiding how many people   showed up in the Pittsburgh  rally  is NOT a good sign  of  truthfulness /  openness  ???  Another OBAMA 3rd term is not what we need  ????
I said it before and I'll say it again stay  retired Joe let's someone else fight this one out, I don't think you will get the nomination.
I think Trump will win again.......
Anybody that votes for Biden or any of these left wing kooks should see a syciatris.  Liberal policies never ever worked in the real world. Everything was lousy during the Obummer/Bite me years and we don't need anymore of this stagnation.  Donald Trump FOREVER!!!-Lets make America even greater with Trump!
Bernie 2020
"Conflict of interests* is clearly stamped on his forehead.
He is very racist and naci !!!
I am not an American. I believe what Joe Biden said here and I really don't like Tromp, one simple example is WALL.
Joe Biden cannot even control his emotions, his indecent touches and hugs should not be ignored! He may be leading in polls for now, but I know sooner or later Americans will realize that they deserve better.
Lock up your daughters, creepy Joe is back...
Bbc is a tool of the elite to lie to lambs And brain wash them
Never Happen Joe.
TRUMP 2020
Vote Bernie and America will gain the worlds respect.
I'm not voting for a guy that keeps stands of women's hair in his pockets...
Research transvestigations and pregvestigations and learn how to spot the illuminati
Hell No Joe...We got it right...finally...in 2016!!! Trump 2020...
Lol not a chance once the Ukraine and china  crimes come out  very surprised he even put his hat in  they are going to eat his lunch and dinner as well what a can of worms!!!
Don't worry about it because Donald trump will win agen. Open your eyes 👀 trump is God's work
Not when he launched his campaign on a misquote of Trump, he's just asking to lose
Dear Joe, take my advice, instead of running AGAIN for president, why do you not embrace your more natural talent and start a  massage parlor where you can exercise your hands by giving people full body/ head massages,. Hugs and kisses complimentary.
The time when his wife/daughter died and son died was many YEARS...dont say "then his son died"...43 years actually
Yeahhhhh YYYYAAAMERICA!!!
I doubt he'll do very well this time either once all that corruption stuff with his son and those trips to china and all that money they illegally got for other governments not to prosecute. This is the creepiest weirdo the left could get. And for the party who hates old white guys he seems pretty old and white to me. but hey that's none of my business. lmao
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Americans, please do not vote for him.
Anyone in Democrat’s would be better than Bone Spur.
it’s time for all this old people to take a rest it looks like America is having problems some one to run for president
Does anyone else find it creepy, the way he smells / feels / fondles women and young girls?

(No; I'm not asking your opinion, BBC: You can't be trusted. The last time this happened, you looked the other way).
TRASH.
Cynical Republican supporters always video record Joe Biden's habitual gestures or way of speaking. Joe always shows the kind gestures that can be used to identify high level sociopaths.Therefore Joe will always be a well balanced individual who creates the right decisions at an opportune time.
Joe Biden the stereo typical elitist American.. the guys got footage of him touching up females of all ages all over youtube.. the guys a creep
peado, these are the sort of creatures you'd see in the Purge film franchise
"Obama is the first articulate, clean black."
-Biden, 2008
Free Assange
Look who’s the next king of America
BitchAss AIN'T getting my vote
Ukraine
TRUMP 2020!
Ukrainian Joe sold us out to China and Ukraine for billions of dollars
Most people in the Democrat party know Joe Biden is a paedophile. It's well know to insiders in that disgusting party.
ol creepy Joe, just watch how he is around children and women.......eww 😷
This "news" is a week old BBC. Get a grip, at least try and deliver your propaganda on time.
Now there’s a thing uncle joe biden got a jim will fix it badge?
Creepy Joe wants to lower the age of consent and allow men in the little girls toilet's.
We want Joe!! We want Joe!! Who's Joe??? Ohhh "Creepy Uncle Joe,  Touching Joe, Groping Joe, Caressing Joe, Hair smelling Joe"
Why is BBC backing up Joe Biden? Oh that’s right... they’re trying to brainwash us.
I have seen countless videos of creepy uncle joe physically molesting children in public. The BBC has a long history of protecting paedos....go figure!
he's only doing it so he can kiss lots of babies & smell their hair..
Biden would slide his hand up your mothers skirt at the same time sick his tongue in your 9 year old sisters ear.
Hahahaha! Self-righteous liberals funded by the Saudis and the Quataris.. the same people who fund ISIS.
Donald Trump is number 1
Sniff, sniff.  Grope, grope.  Nuff said.
Bernie all the way 2020!
who is supporting illhan omar hit like
What a joke......... go back to bed joe. Even the worst president in my time... Obama...... isn't supporting him.
FEEL THE BERNNN 2020
Hope he runs , hopefully his past will finally catch up with him .
Shut up Ross Perot.
Creepy Joe Biden, creepy "Uncle" Joe, yuk, couldn't hold a candle to President Trump who is a real American.
Go Home Biden, move over for the youth you old creep.
Hello my fellow BCC citizens my name is creepy Joe and I'm ready for president and I'm looking forward to touching each and every one of your children and hoping one day I can molest them vote for me creepy Joe
Joe Biden is the same old vomitted-up mushroom gravy which has taken us to near-extinction.
The Paedo BBC's favorite slimebag.
Joe is FEELING his way around, and hopes to GRAB the Democrat nomination, but he will be SQUEEZED out by other candidates. Trump is gonna win again, so Dems are wasting their time and corporation bribe money.
Hahaha. Brilliant the bbc backing a creepy pervy pedo hmmm I never thought they would do that. Maybe he's friends with Jimmy, you know the 1 you knew about for decades and covered up. I can't wait until the bbc is abolished.
Yt  CREEPY JOE BIDEN.  The BBC love paedophiles.
I’ve been learning a lot about Biden. He lied about his college record and subsequently had to drop out of running for president. He also lied and said the man who crashed into his wife’s car (killing his wife and daughter) was drunk. There was never any evidence that he was drunk, and the accident was his wife’s fault. He ruined this man’s life for sympathy points.
Trump for 2020
Joe "Uncle Bad Touch" Biden.
.
Keep your children away from him.
.
He's just another lying sack of protoplasm.
Ron Paul 2020!
He is a racist and he will not win.
Such a touchy feely type of president.
BBC pushing the democrat bias. "and after 50 yrs of service" bullcrap. nothing negative . then pull up any trump article and its lets dig up the dirt! BBC may be a public broadcast service its leftwing bias is terrible!
I love me some Joe Biden!!!!!😍😍😍😍😍😍♥️♥️
Intelligent people vote Donald Trump
More pure evil from the BBC , don't pay the beast ...
Fake as could be.....from his big  teeth implants,  hair plugs and facelifts.  He paws women and children and  on top of that, he is too OLD.
Likeable enough but is he ruthless enough.?
BBC is a joke ..They want Joe Biden to be president,which will never happen...God of USA is Jesus not other Gods.i mean God of Abhraham,Issac and Jacob(I agree that there is plenty of other Gods as well )Since this country is founded on Principle of Christ,Jesus cannot ignore the cry of HIS beloved ones.Mighty JESUS WILL NOT ALLOW That...ITS VERY simple logic...When God is with us who can stand against?.its warning period for usa I mean till2024...Till then good bye for joebiden and co..
nope   old candidate    check out Andrew Yang    you will be surprised    thanks   👍
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha even us in Canada are laughing at that option. Cmon liberal biased media, trump is taking 2020 because people like to watch the country and the people in it prosper. No one wants another Obama or Hillary. Sorry BBC, you are backing the wrong team.
Joe has no chance of winning, because he tried and failed to ban our guns. The only reason he and Obama were elected was because they lied and said they wouldn't touch our guns, then once elected they proposed a ban of a bunch of guns. Joe has an F rating by the NRA, so he's toast.
Run instead to home for the aged, go there Joe the toilets are waiting for you.
Such a touchy feely type of president.
If USA produces 3 or 4 presidents like Trum, then USA will be at par with Pakistan within 20 years
Am I the only one who finds the music to be bizarrely loud ?
Ugh...no thanks. Are we even serious as a species? Millions of people are going to starve or drown if we don't change our entire way of life, and these neoliberal snakes are still trying to figure out how to keep this corrupt system going, and putting up sleazebags like Biden? Give me a break. This moron supported an illegal invasion of Iraq that has destabilized the entire middle east and killed over a million innocent human beings for absolutely nothing. Maybe he thinks this was just a simple "mistake," but it's amazing that you can be responsible for mass murder and still have the audacity to run for president. Blech.
The PERVERT swims naked IN FRONT OF ALL HIS SECURITY Men and WOMEN lmao...  Watching him go down in flames is going to be so much fun to watch lol.. damn this is going to be   "Making America Great Again" !!!
Nah trumps good he may be a bit racist but you no he's done more for the country then anyone
Go Mr Bidden You will be better then what is in there now 
I am sorry has a trucker for the Lost of your family but use their love for you and put it into winning in 2020 Canada Great Britian Australia and the rest of the world loved you well you made history with Mr Obama when  he became the first African President and made hateful people have to bite their tongue 
it was the best 8 years since Regan Carter Abraham Lincoln was in the office
I want to give the middle finger to all the moral holier than thou American Evangelists who spent hundreds of years giving warning about the Anti-Christ! And then when he shows up, they elect him President of the United States!
I'd vote for Joe any day over Trump, at least he's not a Liar and a gritter and will bring more stability and dignity to the office!
Make America great again , long live America - the most beautiful and powerful country in the world.
Yang 2020 Trump's Kryptonite. The dark horse he is afraid of even mentioning. The only Dem candidate pulling over large amounts of Trump people. Yang rallies are the only place were you will see Antifa and Alt-Right together with out a fight breaking out. The candidate with more policies that would kick start the second Renaissance. The candidate That has caught the attention of French Yellow vest protestors. The only candidate that brought Bloomers, Doomers, Republicans, Democrates, Millennials, Zoomers, Boomers, X-Gens, Minorities, Awoken, Never Politics, Women, Independents, Futurists, Gamers, Artist, Musicians, Hobbyists, Inventors, Antifa, Alt-Right, Cypto-Techies, Veterans, Techies, Mothers, Fathers, and College Students together at a rally. The only group I see with as much energy as Obama in 2008.
We have a 3rd timer candidate for president and she didnt win, and she died shortly after. Not saying it will also happen to him but i its not always a luck.
