Please stop standing reporters in storms to show how strong they are. It is not necessary.  One of these days someone is going to get killed.
You know, some people aren't able to evacuate, so stop criticizing the ones who stayed. Many poor people have no way to get out or nowhere to go.
Why are reporters standing out in the middle of a hurricane? It is stupid and only encourages other idiots to go out into a hurricane.
Good thing we got a new tax break for luxury yachts!
Meanwhile, t'rump is meeting with Kanye to talk about flying cars. Priorities!
Now will the government finally accept the effects of climate change and global warming? For the safety of millions of Americans, I sure hope so...
Did trump passed on his mobile golden throne, throwing Scottowell rolls
She's my president
You sound like trump.
Are you part of the administration? You need to sit down and shut up. For real.
My God I just hope everyone  is ok
Well, this is a fake hurricane.  "FAKE NEWS".. Why?  Because Donald Trump said "..global warming is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese for economic gain."  Trump is the second coming of our nation's lord and savior.  Just ask any evangelical.  How dare anyone equivocate with Donald Trump---- a true and genuine stable genius!!
And when the authorities say, we wont be there to help you because we are evacuating too...... they mean it.
The best way to save these trees is to trim them down in maintenace over time.
RAWW FISHING ARE YOU OKK GEESE WHEATHER
Enough of the real news. Back to that Russia probe thing.
troomp will come along and karate chop the hurricane and save the day dont worry what u see is not what is happening
Heartfelt condolences from Pennsylvania for all of the victims of the recent hurricanes' devastation.   This, too, shall pass.   That probably sounds like a silly cliche, but THIS, TOO, SHALL PASS !
Just like puerto rico... wish pr had this kind of coverage after the storm...
snow storm coming.
usa herricane,oh my good feels,^^^^^
republican anti environment state gets pummeled by global warming.. told ya so
In sorry but I think it is just ridiculous that these people feel the need to dramatize the weather just so we can see it. Its something that can just be covered by cameras. Stupid.
Was that the ghost of Michael Brown.?
Now people GOD is not playing with us we need to stop the predjudice in this country and all the wicked things that we do because his wrath is real!!!
Is time to go loot yet?
Talking about storms is like dancing about architecture.
Wow, Trump declares a state of emergency. I really hope that he goes there and offers them some paper towels. That would make them feel so much better, and I am sure that it would make America great again. Well, at least a little dryer
Imagine getting these hurricanes multiple times a year every single year. There us gonna come a point when we wont be able to rebuild because it will just get destroyed again.
Please look up the definition of "decimate".
That hurricane is not real
Epic hurricane.
Devastation & Destruction in USA - and also hurricanes.......
I predicted this would happen July 29 2018 .
I would like this to be happening selectively. Those who support an effort to improve the climate, I hope this stuff slips/slipped around and those who ridicule the concept of more energy in storms .... well, I hope it is THEIR property that has been destroyed. I have no compassion at all for any denier who loses "anything" (take that as you wish)
Wow trump didn’t do this stop blaming everything on him and help these people out wow
Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations is not the authoritative intellectual foundation for neoconservative tax policy which Irwin Stelzer supposes (Now they even want to tax the humble Blackberry, Comment, October 17).

Book Five's principles require not simplistic proportionate taxation but progressive taxation. Smith stated "it is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion", because a tax on "the luxuries and vanities of life [which] occasion the principal expense of the rich... would in general fall heaviest upon the rich;
Welcome to climate change !
very nice herricane in usa^^^^^
The aftermath is a reminiscent of a town in Palestine.....get it???
Don’t worry guys trump is here with the paper towels!
God awesome power well he did created the earth and the universe it's biblical same thing he had too do bringing the children's out of Egypt display his awesome power of who he is
It's hard to feel bad for Florida residents. You can thank Putin and the traitorous US Republicans for the increase is hurricane activity. Their goal is to melt the arctic shipping lanes. Impeach Trump the gaslighting traitor, SAVE THE USA.
Looks like he should have a safety line next time.
West Florida panhandle US House Rep Matt Gaetz has done nothing to help hurricane Michael victims in his district.   This is an outrage!    Yet many of the dumb voters in his district will likely reelect him again November 3, 2020.
How about they NEVER would put any network personality in danger, you can't make me believe that..so far reaching.  They are treating common storms (this happens EVERY YEAR) yes destructive but not singular.  I've seen too many times when they catch these guys lying.  Can never trust the NEWS! lmao
Stop driving your gasoline cars, stop using electricity, stop flying planes, stop using your motor boats. Save the planet! It’s trumps fault the economy is doing good and people are using their cars, electricity, taking vacations, and buying boats.
Trump just lose the 2020  electoral college for Florida and I hope these people remember while they were getting bombarded by hurricane Michael, Trump was having a fundraising rally.
HAARP
Lunatics figure out a way to blame Trump for everything, including hurricanes...lol Climate change did not cause this. Hurricanes will always be a part of nature. Also, it was much hotter millions of years ago than it is now. What people really should be worried about is another ice age.
The damage is serious and dang it news media Y'all need some safety standard I know it looks cool but maybe having an experienced older gentleman giving report should not be standing in 130-160 mph winds. What if no one could get to him what if he slipped and went uncontrolled with the wind? He could have blown off that balcony.  We the viewing public get it the camera shots of power poles trees roofs awnings and cars tumbling by yeah we don't need to see a person blown away we get it don't be out there!
When do we see the massive free stuff and help from Puerto Rico, like we gave them? Gee they complained and complained and look at all the free hotel and Motel rooms, food and goodies we gave those that ran to Florida, now we get hit hard and I haven't heard anything as far as helping us from Puerto Rico!
The only reason Trump won Florida was because of The Panhandle. In 2020 he will be swamped there. Vote Blue !
Syrians becomes homless after US Bombing, Americans after Hurricanes ,how does it feel folks? Syrians got no help for buildup , just a reminder.
No one need to worry AT ALL about climate change; however, have fear and trembling about the End Times tribulation and the WRATH OF GOD!...~ Repent ye and hear the gospel.~ (Jesus Christ)
donut trump Is the eye of the donut........americans . get a laugh
squishy and drool PMSnbc second most fake news
donnie was to busy at his funtime rally with his trumpsters. All cheering and holding up pre made signs , clapping at every bit of trash orange chimp said.No time for half the southeast coast having a life threatening storm, again. Carolinas already forgotten even though they are still struggling through the last one. What a leader. This is beyond shame, his evil is immeasurable!
Nah there is no Climate Change. Not according to USA. U had like one hurricane on 5-10 years now u get few a year. And each year are stronger. Vote for Trump 2020 he will save u.
Well, that part of FL is mostly Republicans, so I'm ok with that. As long as as we in Central FL and south FL are fine, it's all good.
Voting for Trump was the biggest mistake of my life.. Climate Change is Real..
You people have no argument about man made climate change. This isnt even the strongest storm to hit. That happened in the 30s. What was your excuse then? Andrew was in 90 and stronger winds.
IS that Kid Rock standing with President Trump?  Signing a bill for copy write laws!  It was on White House Youtube!  There is more help in Florida for this Hurricane than has ever been, and I live here.  Pay attention people!
It's PMS13NBC first of all.

I just dropped off my Obama toilet paper to donate. I hope a Libturd gets it 😁😀😆😅😄😃.
