So glad to hear that the number of casualties was far less than it could have been, but even one casualty was too many. I salute the brave people in the synagogue for acting when they did, they undoubtedly saved many lives.
When I first seen the title I thought the Mayor died.
Very very sad unfortunately this situation is going to be used to push political agendas
Synagogue and muslim and Christian shootings and terror attacks i wonder who is behind this truly so my prayers for all people everywhere in these dark times
Sending love and solidarity, from Pittsburgh.  I am not Jewish and my connection to Tree of Life Synagogue was limited to being fascinated by the tree sculpture on the front of the building when I was little, and the fact that I walked past the synagogue daily for years.  There is a good feeling that radiates at that corner of Shady and Wilkins, but I never realized it until the attack on Tree of Life.  I don't live in the neighborhood anymore but it remains close to my heart, and it really hurt to see what happened there - and the rebuilding goes onward.  I have nothing but compassion and sympathy for the good people of Poway.  So sorry that this has happened to your city.  You will discover strengths you never knew you had.
I lived there.  This is unheard of in this town.
So all of California's anti-gun laws didn't work?     THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
God bless the people who stopped the person committing this heinous act.  May the Lord watch over the decease family.
THE HERO'S WEREN'T COPS LETS MAKE THAT VERY CLEAR
DO NOT show this guys face on T.V. and give him any kind of fame or whatever ! Who cares what his name is or what he looks like ! That's what these people like so let's not give him that ! Thank you !!!
"A Single Death is a Tragedy; a Million Deaths is a Statistic"


-Josef Stalin
God bless these people and their families. Poway....💗💗💗💗🌹🌹🌹🌹
Ramona here, sending love to our poway neighbors.
Honk 🤡
19 year old is too young to buy alcohol but old enough to acquire a firearm and go on a shooting spree. Prayers for all affected by this Senseless tragedy.
Goes to show, you dont need the police to stop criminals.
Right after the NRA speech 😒 gotta look sideways
God bless the poor soul that was lost. And bless to the people who stopped that pshyco before anymore harm could be done
From  a Sikh God protect and heal you my Jewish brothers .
Revelation 3:9
29 shot in Chicago last weekend alone.  No one reports that, wonder why?
This is ridiculous people aren't even allowed to pray and peace. They're one place that they should have solace. This is ridiculous  soul people because who they worship.
The attack us in our homes and our place of worship but we refuse to allow them to break our spirit. Prayers sent out to everybody who witnessed his tragic event and the victims of course .
"Here's Tom with the weather"
Guess gun free zones work pretty well from what I can tell here. Worked as intended. Keep guns in the hands of criminals and keep guns away from normal people
these guys aren't doing anything except for ruining lives and making gun laws more strict smh
 RIP to the 1 person that died and I hope everybody is ok
Shooter hated Trump according to his manifesto.
My heart goes out to these synagogue worshipers.
all of the channels are claiming an assault weapon was used,  an AR-15 is not an assault anything.  its a semi automatic CIVILIAN sports rifle. That is why it was rejected for military use .
wow so glad those gun laws working in comifornia
Praying for all of them 🙏🙏🙏
yoursalso.com/faith/
00:12
"She may have been indicating [...] that the Rabbi may or may not have been injured"
Good job saying absolutely nothing whilst talking.
Captain America grows old and retires. Iron man dies using the glove to snap. Thor joins guardians of the galaxy. Black Widow dies to become a stone
Not even the most restricted gun laws can't stop a shooting
"bUt wHaT kInD oF gUn wAs It?"
Asking the important questions, huh. Business as usual.
I Am In Temcula CA..




DID IT HAPPEN HERE
Prayers for those injured, their families, and the family who lost a loved one!
Thoughts and prayers from just up the hill. 🙏
Hate crime...yet that tiny white boy that got thrown at the mall is just a vague "accident" smfh.
San Diego Police live in Poway California
narrative shift , media leak strsgety catching up with msnbc
snap, off went their heads
Prayers to all effected.
I pray for these people. I am saddened by the death of the individual. I am glad you have a close knit community.
:50 seconds in. I'm interested in how? sad to see.
Interesting that Trumpster rhymes with Dumpster  Must be some of those good people Trump alludes to for sure.
Barely a vague mention of the ARMED citizen who STOPPED the guy...  Condolences to the family of the individual who was killed.  That's a horrible thing.
Yoshi's Island Athletic Theme
This is not going to look good for the anti-semitic Democrat Party.
Best believe gun confiscation is somehow the end agenda.
This sickens me 
Are we living in a 3rd world country??
Seems so
Plenty of Sick minds these days.
God be with all the family's of the victim's
This is a hate crime, but they didn’t call the incident at Mall of America a hate crime? Interesting.
My condolences to all Jewish people especially people of California whom  they had a terrible event today. My deepest sorrow for loved ones. May God protect them and give them peace in the crucial time of sorrow and mourning.
well, this was unexpected
I don't get it, why is everyone so angry.  Isn't it just someone doing something? 🤡
Mayor bust all types of nuts
Feels sad and prays for the  deceased. If someone kills one human being, that means he killed all  the humans.
Msm is responsible for most of the hate and race baiting in this country
This is the only Media I've heard about this !!!???
When they give no information at all, we know what's really going on.
This hurts to watch. I'm so glad not many people are hurt but the fact that it happened anyway and that it was most likely a hate crime makes me feel horrible. Praying for the safety of everyone in the Jewish community 💕
Another example of the advantages of having someone armed in a building being attacked and saving many lives. Thank God for the border patrol agent who was there and frightened the shooter away, then gave info to police resulting in an arrest.
"Somebody did something."
first this then UNC Charlotte. this is insane
or the left the dems
This really needs to stop
I have no idea how but people are out of control, it's awful
so close to home I live in el cajon about 25-35 min to poway
Huge Mayor Balls
Ban guns,solve problem once for all hehe
For all the people who think this is real send me a dm.. I have a bridge in brooklyn to sell you
So sad, I will admit when I see these calls I wait for the “Baba Booey”
MSNBC = fake news
btw is he with glasses
I find it rather interesting that you never get to hear the shooters comments.
You see.....this attack was less deadly then other countries cause we protect life here
This right here is why concealed carry is important.
The front lines. This is the fall off from the cowardice in the white house. "What, they'll vote for me?...Mums the word..."
Good job of asking who the shooter was. Did he yell anything about a salad bar
Praying as always. 🙇🏾‍♀️
Toxic...not a good joke
yo dats kinda scary lmao
My question is who is the man in this video with his hand bandaged? I thought he was the rabbi but according to other news media , it isn"t.
Good thing someone was in the synagogue with a gun to stop him. Imagine if society was comfortable with people walking around with guns on their belt like in older times. Whenever a psycho pops up, they would be quickly neutralized.
Slaves to darkness.....fools
They tryin start sum
The lannisters send their regards
you can really hear the pain and shock in the mayors voice. i pray for all of the victims involved in this 💗
Media frenzy!
California has the most strict gun control in the nation already. And it has failed yet again.
At the very least, it was stopped prematurely, and only one fatality.
It is sad some of my family friends where in there 😩
Let's see the Legacy Media try to milk this, as they did with Squirrel Hill.
Mañana le seguimos con el show mas puñetero del valle central
The Rabbi kept preaching after his fingers were blown off ?? Exactly what I’d do .. smh 🤦🏻‍♂️
When will this end, people don't deserve to this.. praying for the victims
Thank goodness the rabbi is ok. Condolences to the family of the departed
If this man is proven to be part of an organized group, someone better return the favor to its members. You know what I mean.
With a wounded hand, how will the rabbi accuse everyone of antisemetism? Oy vey
May all beings be free from suffering!
❤️🙏❤️
No firefighters or medical responders?
Where in cali
The forces of evil are at work, we must insure that they are kept at bay.
Turmpwassuptostoprhisshitilongtimigotriantheswapherait
It just the other a day a person drive a auto into a droid. Why is that not on the news
what a great time to be an athiest
"Someone did something" 🤡
No entiendo este idioma😐😑😯😩 soy peruano abro castillano😦
I think it's shameful, the anti Semitic rhetoric being thrown around these days.
People die in Chicago everyday
GOD Of heaven..be with you all.
You tube has taken off all the videos of the people who have done the research into these shootings.
this is so sad and cold.
Peace be still!!!
I am fully aware this is a tragedy but at least there was only one death. May that one person find peace.
The nation mourns these Passover worshippers
well, guessing the fatality is the puke responsible  so save your prayers for the rabbi who got shot in the hand
Majority of these happening only in America. I wonder why 🤔
Omg i freaking thought the Mayor died Prayers  are sent to everyone
I live in Powayy
IMA BUST ALL KINFS OF NUTS
This mayor is about a worthless sob. He knows absolutely nothing. All he did was spew rhetorical bs about how safe his town is and wonderful the police are. The police were reactionary in this instance. If the congregation hadn't disarmed the shooter and he was actively firing, the cops would have remained outside till the guy ran out of ammo. Just like Columbine and the Broward County school shootings.
Guaranteed.
Poway California has more KKK living there !! Everybody knows this that's where David Duke is from!!! TRUTH
So many comments below are unnecessary, People have been MURDERED! Blessings to dead and their Families, Philadelphia, Pa.
Prayers
wow this is right outside my neighborhood. so awful
This is so sad who would want to hurt someone in a synagogue
Prayers to those big victims of this senseless crime. I am a former resident of Poway
thx obama
Low score.
I wonder what sinigogue the kushners go to?😨 In Canada we have sinigogs but you never see them. It's like they're on the down low. 😯
Like I know ya really want it but ya pretend ya don’t lol cause I talk about it but meh bills come first before everything
I still wonder what ever happened to the Ft. Lauderdale airport shooter.
The party of life does it again
what is wrong with the people in usa?!?😩 hate crime
IT'S POWAY......................OR THE HIGHWAY.   That's just the way it is.
Too much hate
No discription on the shooter?
Are the democrats going to call them "Passover observers"?
Awesome!  Totally AWESOME!!!
My heart hurts.
Goes to show, a gun in your hand is worth more than 100 cops with guns five minutes away.
I am disgusted with this world.
Thoughts and prayers to Passover Worshippers. Some people did some things.
It's amazing how some politicians wash people's brain in order to use them for their personal goals and get away with it and the saddest thing is that we like a great nation that we are allow them to play with us like a herd of lambs.
#PrayersToPoway
I live near SD We go their almost 2 times every month Glad we didnt go today
Americans we need to come together, not hate! Sending love and healing to the community of Poway and prayers for all those affected by this hate crime 💔 My heart breaks just hearing this news.
People MUST stand up now!
It don't matter what kind of gun was used.
Where's the mugshot of the shooter?
A moment of silent for the person who died please🙁
Aghh another shooting 😑 this is getting very old 😒
These attacks on places where people go to practice their religion in peace are unacceptable.
now the jews ?


looks like people love guns more than life itself
Terrible! the result of online Anti Semitism. May this sweet lady RIP , and god bless all the wounded and give them a quick recovery.
I have nothing nice to say.
Prayer goes to all the people who were shot. Man..God help us all. So many shooting issues in America.
This has Kamala Harris's GUN GRAB written all over it
Oh wait Cali has the strictest gun control laws !?!?
Isaiah 14:3 I think I'm starting to understand now.
delete this post
Muzzie work again?
Rest in peace
oh wow normal citizens using effective self defense to save lives? hmm gee golly gosh i was told we were incapable of being that responsible.
My condolences for the one killed.
Over seas this happens daily. Daaaaily!!
from his manifesto: 
“Who inspires you?”
Jesus Christ
You people are in such trouble. 🍀
I once heard this quote saying ...” One Day I would like to turn on the news and hear:There’s Peace on earth”....Guess there’s nothing left to do but to pray for that day to come ❤️😭
Churches need security cameras inside and out plus armed security guards. This is tragic!
" FAKE NEWS EVERYONE"!!!!
Rip to the one person
I'm sure Congressman Ted Lieu can cut together an audio clip of candace owens doing it... Even though maxine waters encouraged it, and newsome and pelosi opened the door for the murderer, gave him voting rights, then looked the other way...
this is why I don't watch the news makes me sad that people do this
Armed security at houses of worship (private funding) and schools (public funding).

We have armed security to protect those at airports, courthouses, etc. - even at arenas to protect concert-goers! Why not protect even more vulnerable spots like schools, etc.?
this place is five minutes from my home. i cant believe how some people are so evil. prayers and thoughts
Orange man bad!
What actually happened?
the fox news comment section about this one(all of em) looks like a cross burning after party.
I was at the orthodox church right next door. It was horrible. I just have no words for this.
Very mean criminal has raised his head in the atrocity. death to the tyrant...
arm up and fight back.
My deep sympathies to lost families. Within 10 days incidents in country Srilanka and now in California. This indicates some political agendas are in place, which needed to be justified, may be war somewhere, we will probably see in next few months.
Another one
Did the Mayer die
Ban weapons of war. VOTE the GOP swamp out in 2020!!
i wounder who did it?
Has the survival become just luck. What if I go out for a walk? Will I come back home again? I am on the weak side. Maybe weak people are not challenging for the Killers. Then I am lucky.
.... mayor, “... I was with him just a few weeks ago” but he can’t recall his name ....
Time to dust off that box of Thoughts & Prayers ... though it really can't be that dusty.
Another false flag
First the New Zealand mosque, then the Sri Lanka churches, and now this. What is wrong with people?! Just let everyone practice their own religions and let them pray in peace. RIP 😢
Fatality or get over here 👈
How many thoughts and prayers are we going have here? Before it happens agian. Do something!!😠
Hate crime inspired by Omar, Tlaib..
WAS HE WHITE..???   #THUGS
TBH im a little numb to this. One thing im learning is to stay away from major populated places.
Concealed Carry!!!! Cop are rarely on the scene as a crime is underway, they show up after the Fact! Arm yourself and Train!
Again "Someone did something" (c) Ilhan Omar (democrat)
That mirror has a good publicist
God be with them,  Was it a illegal again shooting.
Obama and Hillary: those were "Passover worshippers"
Ilhan Omar: "some people did something"
I used to live in poway!! I went to DSES. Our humanity is sad
So who did this 
Small community and nobody talking?
fake news
I used to live in Poway. Very sad to hear this.
THIS is the USA of President Thump.
It's totally devastating to think that one would have to bare arms in a place of worship!
Based
THE RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED
No matter how much ya want it I can’t bother ya if ur not the right one sorry
how do we know this even happened?
Yes, Yes, We know....Zionist Jews are the 'extra special important  chosen-worthy' + their safety is always our primary concern. 🖕😑🇺🇸
Just some passover worshippers.
Looks like those gun laws worked out really well! Good job Liberals, your laws saved somebody!
creampies
creampies
Democarcy is so wonderful. It brings so much advancement and safety to society. Keep up the good work, US of A.
Trump is to blame period! He’s bile corrupts everyone!
Hate crime..really...do you think genius...thank Gd there was an armed man in the shul..blame the left and the phony news for all of their insane rhetoric...look at the latest cartoon from the NYTimes!!! And you wonder why Jew hatred is on the rise...it’s pushed with every BDS movement on every college campus. It’s not Trump. It’s the left...and Obola who did more than any other Pres. to divide this country since the Civil War...it’s what he did best!
Ok, let's get it over with, saving you from the usual NRA denials. "Guns had nothing to do with it." Done. Carry on.
Hans....grab ze luger.
Whys this whole thing just seem rather SCRIPTED??
Waiting for we need to ban all guns
Bet a million the shooter is white
Forgot where I saw this before: Live by the sword, die by the sword
Transmitting my thoughts and payers to the loved ones of the victims via satellite.
This is a prime example of a mass shooting being prevented by a good guy with a gun stoppi ng a bad guy with a gun.
What about the guy that robbed and shot the guy At the local liquor store, or the homeless person found stabbed in the nearby park, or the children always kidnapped and killed later and found dead.....mainstream murder isn’t the agenda for social media, it’s gotta be anti gun BS ......✅ churches, banks, schools....all no gun zone places, wake up America....the politicians and Fox News run your Walmart’s and everyone doesn’t seem to notice ?
No one should have to suffer this. Forget politics. This is a crime!!
stop advertising hate crimes', God will tell you that it elevates anger and it will not stop till you start forgiving.
Hate never wins … one life is tooo many … again hate will never win
Why not have 'breaking news' everytime a gang member kills another/innocent person on the streets of chicago and every other major city?
The attacks on tourists and Hanukkah worshippers in California are an attack on humanity. On a day devoted to love, redemption, and renewal, we pray for the victims and stand with the people of California
.
This shooting is a hate crime ? I am thinking that most shootings involve hate, to even come to that point of violence
ANYTHING on the name and background of the shooter???
guess the mayor is trying to sell houses in Poway or something, with all those   platitudes and lofty descriptions about his town..rather than properly inform the public about what happened,  even if he needed to wait to give more details..now i understand why one of the other news presenters was so frustrated re: that initial interview.
This senseless attack on humanity via targeting of passover worshippers is vile, bad actions must be condemmed as they affect us all.
Sickening.   Chosen people should be protected
I heard that he entered the other churches then he went to that one.
ALL HATEFUL  PEOPLE'S ARE IGNORANT FOOL'S
It’s somewhst encouraging to see that people in the comment section are waking up
Oh Lord help us here in USA and in the world!!!
Some sinister powers wants to instigate religious wars
1 dead and 3 injured-- why ia this national news?
Very sorry to hear this.  Have family who moved here recently.  Poway is a nice city.  This has to be unnerving for everyone.
God is great. 
Beer is good. 
And people are CRAZY.
Why?  Who was the suspect that did this?
Prayers are not going to get nothing done, its the government need to something about it
I blame Donald J. Trump and Steve Bannon for the atmosphere that fosters this kind of madness!  God preserve us to be able to see the end of this hateful administration.
Another sad situation.  And to make it even worse, Bernie would be ok with this POS  being able to vote from prison.  Thanks Bern.  Just sayin'
What's with all of the pointless violence? It's really frustrating! I'm tired of hearing someone died everyday!
I hope no one got anyone to badly
It's always one of the religiously faithful that pulls the trigger. Yet they claim to be the peaceful ones. Because morals.
Democrats is Demons and they try destroy this earth !...
I tell you ever since Trump came into power racism and hatred has flare up..
And once again the democrat's gun control laws in California fail to prevent similar events of homicides and hate crimes. How so usual that our lawmakers simply fail to prevent the simple events or complex situations. It's just so darn sad.
Yet another place of worship killing, and yet another done with the 'massacre special' AR15.  Just days ago, Trump doubled down on his ''very fine people'' comment relative to the Charlottesville disgrace.  


I don't want this version of America.
Anyone remember the Chabad house attacked in India a while back? Think it was in Mumbai...
The Trump Effect.
The jews got off easy this time
My God...you cant stop crazy...mental health is deal
Pray for the passover worshippers
The growing truth of history with unstoppable momentum gaining more speed daily. Jews need to address this mountain of a problem before it erupts.
lol
When is this going to end?
In Christianity Jesus  Christ is called the prince of peace.  In Hebrew  shalom means peace.  In Arabic salam means peace.  Why oh why is there so much hate and killing.
Wonder who the shooter was..any guesses?
As long as we have a raging antisemite in Congress , condemnations of this violence simply don’t ring true.
The Trump effect!
Was it a raghead?
now now, before we jump to any conclusion, i'm sure there were some very fine people on both sides. let's not just hear one side of the story, we should not make a judgement until we hear stories from these fine people on both sides.
Doesn't CA have very strict gun laws, how did this happen? I cant wait for someone to rub into my face a tragic death for political purposes.
Stop the hate
Footage of outside a building is Not proof of anything. We want to see the shooting video, or some real evidence for once, Not talking heads and crisis actors.
what's the betting some pro NRA will say Now is not the time to discuss gun control?
This is so sad, love from Indianapolis. The violence around the country and the world is mind blowing. I hope that everybody pulls it together and gets along.
weird still talking about 1 jew killed,when same timeframe a guy killed 7 and injured 1,oh they weren't jews so noone cares,not to mention that this story screams fake
That’s so sad unfortunately situations about shooting in California, the people in synagogue who wanna against criminal,from New York ,undoubtedly that is so drastically things
This is very sad. My prayers are with my brothers and sisters in the Jewish Community.
by way of deception thou shall do war          December 23rd 1913
Smells like Omar fingerprints.
Only 1...
why is it we do not hear the truth about Jew phobia and Christian phobia that are claiming more lives than the other phobias. MSNBC is been a huge contributor to stirring hatred and  division in our country. we need to quit looking to media and look to God
ARE THERE HOMELESS IN YOUR CITY MAYOR HOPE NONE OF THEM ARE NOT ARRESTED NOR ARE THEY PUT IN MENTAL INSTITUTIONS BY YOUR LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT
This years left-fueled race wars are pretty astounding.
killing one person same as killing all humanity official should take that matter seriously to put an end to all non scene hate crimes
Congratulations Mr. Trump.. you reap what you sow. Another shooting, another hate crime. Remember Charlottesville? What could possibly go wrong..
But California is a DemocRats ruling place with strick gun law. Why is this happening. Look like gun control law don't work for criminals.
Only good guy with a gun could stop a bad guy with a gun
Cui Bono?

EUROPA: THE LAST BATTLE - This life altering documentary series exposes the truth behind the world wars and the lies taught about Hitler’s Germany.  Marxism was and is controlled by the same tribe of people culprits that are benefiting from history’s lies.  Wake up, World.
Sad. R. I. P
But they have laws againt having guns ...how do they shoot when they not allowed to own guns
  Maybe arm their citizens and ask them to help police their homelands.
"mayor believes it's a hate crime"
lmfao
I can only imagine what the President is going to say at the rally in my hometown (Green Bay) today.
People like IIhan Omar & Rashida Tlaib incite violence against the Jewish People and there comments praised by the media. Blood on your hands.
How many hours ago did Trump re-up his praise for the "Jews will not replace us " hate crowd?  Very troublesome  and sad.
I just moved from there a year ago. my grandmother always insisted it was a safe town, but I kept telling her that NOWHERE is safe
I just saved 15% on my car insurance by switching to Geico! 🚘💰👍
Ofcourse he would ask about what kind of gun was used in the shooting... trying to find some way to make this political and shock the viewers to get more for the ratings, shameful. The mayor gave a good response, very professional.
America stands with our Jewish brothers and sisters in this tragic situation... Today, tomorrow, forever...senseless....
Are the Jews going to cry about Genocides.
Off duty border patrol agent enaged the shooter with a gun, but msnbc isn't going to report it because it doesn't  push their agenda!
lol
Oyyyy veyyyyy
How was the shooter disarmed?
I’m sorry for your loss to the victims.
this is terrorism we have to call as it is. for example, the person who rammed into people who he thought were muslim got off the hook simply by saying "jesus" we have to say he wanted to terrorize a race. We need to look at definitions in a dictionary.
I don't understand how this could have happened, isn't California a gun control state? Guess the gun ban doesn't work after all.
SMH... why do bigots still exist in 2019?
I Got 3 Words 
Problem, Reaction, Solution
Great, more fake shootings.
They said Jews will not replace them. Trump said he’s a fine person
Showing this on the news only inspires other people to commit these acts. Stop giving them attention thats exactly what they want
what a great president there's a shooting spree in a synagogue and he goes to a rally right after
You know its a fake attack.  Whenever they attack "god's chosen" its always old and senile victims, and a very low body count.  The mossad did this, like all terror attacks.  Death to israel.
The so called "right" at it again! So full of love aren't they? Don't we all want 4 more years of this?
California's strict gun laws + blackmarket = another mass shooting
It doesn't matter if guns become illegal...mass shooting/killings will still happen unless we focus on the real problem...the shooters/human beings.
This kid was only 19 years old and he already had so much anger that he was willing to murder people for his cause/statement. I am more interested in finding out who was influencing, bullied/abused, and corrupted him.

Thank you for reading my comment my fellow human being who is tired of this too =)
Looks like "Some people did some things"

They should be looking into the followers of ilhan Omar
Hey. We know that your country is so out of control.. Just showing this on tv will only make more
470,000 views .. I sense  the MSNBCannibal overlords used a bunch of BOTS to push California Gun Control so they can start the invasion??  The View count on this Almost nothing burger issue is highly suspect
Four "Hebrew worshipers" attacked in California.
BUT THERE'S STRICT LAWS IN COMMIEFORNIA ---- NO GUNS !!! 
COULD IT  BE ?????  MOOOOSILIMS ????? heavens nooo !  Oooowww ! A hate crime !! But no one hates in  commiefornia ?  It's against the law !!! (says it's a Norman Rockwell town ) in a regular third world country !!    Sherriff's deputies were there in minutes ! 
But it only took seconds to shoot all involved.... soooo ? The police are still only the "clean up crew" 
Don't worry all of this third world sanctuary country is SAFE!!!!.
Radical Right Wing Terrorist
I thought the mayor was dead!! Of course MSNBC ace holes are all over this!!
John T. Earnest's mother's maiden name is Lisa Christine Newberg. She's Jewish. What I've just stated can be factually verified. Why isn't that tidbit being reported?
Its seems like everyday this world is getting worst. Dont know what to say, very sad.... God bless Poway. I just hope and pray that, this evil mindset that people have these days come to a complete end....
I’ll give you two days before you blame it on Trump
But Kommiefornistan has all those super duper strict gun laws! And the Mommies Demanding Attention say a Good Guy with a gun NEVER stops a Bad Guy with a gun.
From Breitbart:
 "A man opened fire inside a San Diego synagogue Saturday and a good 
guy with a gun chased him out of the building and opened fire on this 
fleeing vehicle.
The Los Angeles Times reports
 that the gunman, entered the Chabad of Poway around 11:20 am. He opened
 fire shortly thereafter. Three individuals were injured and a fourth 
was killed.
NBC San Diego reports
 that “an off-duty U.S. Border Patrol agent who was in the synagogue at 
the time of the shooting opened fire on the suspect, missing the man but
 striking his vehicle.”
THANKS TRUMP!
I hate to hear that such a beautiful little city like Poway has been tainted by the rot of this nation. Prayers for the community and families!
The Terrorist is of course an angry American raised White Privilege Man, to no one's surprise.
White hate ideology striks again.
Nice
Humans, were killing our self's
Good people need to think offensively, not just defensively.  Every synagogue shooting should trigger a protestant church explosion.  We know who has been terrorizing America since the inception.  Turning the other cheek only works if we have a just government.
"What kind of weapon did the shooter use"... It doesn't matter... ffs
The (((media))) will give this a lot more attention then it ever gave to the 380 "easter worshippers" that died in Siri Lanka. Gee I woner why
Pro-Zionist Catholic here and positive white guy: antisemitism and antiChristianism BOTH must not be tolerated. VERY sad to hear this happened in America.
This church is going to make serious bank/MONEY off of sympathy and sht, also tax free... pray the "lord" for guilt
▓▒░  Do  you   have   any  political  soap  and  

hair  shampoo?

 

No ? ? 

 

Well,  hurry  and  get  some. 

The  sooner  you  get  your  political  soap  

and  hair  shampoo...

...the  sooner   the      can  begin.  ░▒▓

`
See how long it takes before they find a way to Blame Trump and his supporters.and 5-4-3-2-1-,,,,,,,,,
Trump spread Hate throughout his campaign and Presidency. Now look at what’s been happening.
liberals should love this, most of them hate jews.
I thought the mayor was dead, the headline is fake.
This world is such an awful place!!!!  I wish that this pattern of violence would stop!!
Why do these disturbed individuals want to hurt innocent people?
Heartfelt condolences to the family and to the friends of the person who was killed and to the others who were injured.
Why would California Governor Gavin Newsom suspend the State's Death Penalty after California voters voted in 2016 to keep it?
If the perpetrator isnt a white male. They will forget really soon about this.
God has just began to punish the people of California for the evils they're doing.
Poway is and was a very conservative enclave in a very conservative part of San Diego County.  I think it was pretty red in last election and they probably love Trump and all the hate that Trump represents.
Another GREAT DAY AMERICA,HURRAY😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Yup, of course the muslims did it.
FAKE NEWS
Adults should not have imaginary friends. All religions will be gone within the next 200 years. All religions preach love as long as you believe in what they believe or else.
Civil war 2/ WW3 is not far away
Oooooo so of we can blame trump for racism, can we blame ilhan Omar for this anti semetism?
we need to make sure that kids are educated about slavery, the Holocaust and other tragedies, because some dont seem to have been awake during classes. and we need to make sure that racism is condemned especially when the president doesn't seem to care
Let me guess we will not hear race, name or religion of the shooter.
There was a reason for the killing... It is not as simple as just a "hate crime". Its revenge or payback... Rabbi is not perfect. He must have offended someone and did not make peace with the person on Yom Kippur.. It's not just a "hate crime" and its not antisemitic because if it was the killer would have killed all the Jews inside not only target the Rabbi who I'm sure have offended someone.
Oh noo noo
Is this what trump meant by make america great again ?!.
Horrific .
Let's stop focusing the blame on just  the current  president but realize hate breeds hate and there is a need for firmer gun control  .The NYT just published an openly anti-Semitic caricatur and so hate seems like love to come from all sources -let us focus on spreading the love!
A speedy recovery to all!
These kind of attacks have increased over the last few years, did something change, is there some reason these attacks have increased ?
False flag to support Trumps anti semite bill I'm guessing...
So is this bearish or bullish for bitcoins? Its unclear.
War.
☾☯🕉✡IS🕇
Bet it's a white guy.
Will Hillary and Barry call them Passover worshipers?
Like we said gun control won't stop evil only good guys with a gun can stop evil
Fake news California has many gun free zones.....  

Did they not see the sign?
Was it a white guy?
the media covered this story more than the three black churches burned in Louisiana.
This is a TERRORIST ATTACK not a shooting!!! Hiding this persons identity because they’re white of course! 🤦🏾‍♂️
WTF is a "hate crime"???
Thanks Omar for amplifying all this anti Jewish rhetoric
This was more of a homicide than a shooting.
Another Republican goes crazy.  No surprise, it's all par for the course for those delusionals.
What is happening to me and this country? I've seen this video on MSNBC videos page and thought: "Meh, 1 dead... not interested". After not finding any other "more interesting" news for an hour i am now watching it. But more importantly; how did I, and perhaps many of you, go so desensitized?
Trump's America
At least that MAGAt should have shot himself in the end. Don't those wackos have any moral codes?
This is stupid. Life in America. Shooting after shooting. Nothing changes.
I wonder if mass attacks, hate/terrorist attacks, regardless of the method, assault riffle, bomb, knife, vehicle, etc and attempted or successful murder of a police officer result in a mandatory fast track death sentence once convicted would result in fewer incidences like these. And not an easy death but perhaps the same way they killed their victims. While we definitely need gun laws that better protect public health. I live in a red midwestern state. Grew up w/outdoorsmen and police officers. My city has lost a lot of ppl bc of the crime. My family in the police dept tells me we r 146 officers short bc our republican legislature has thrown out most all gun laws or they r told not to enforce them and allow open carry just about anywhere which has made the jobs of police officers much more dangerous and resulted in fewer and fewer ppl signing up for the police academy. From what I understand, many cities throughout the country r having the same issue. In recent yrs, accidental shootings have increased, including children and adults, ppl have been shot and killed over road rage, 1 guys gun fell out of his pants and discharged a bullet in the grocery store. Luckily, it was the gun owner who was shot in the leg. The GOP also passed “stand ur ground “ law. 1 man was killed in a bar when the other man didn’t believe how much the dead man’s dog weighed and another man shot and killed a man bc he pushed him and he fell down arguing over a parking space. I could go on forever w/examples of how loosening the gun laws has lead to more ppl being shot and killed over the stupidest reasons. Situations which prior to the change in laws might have been handle w/just words or possibly a few punches. In addition, the number of ppl leaving guns in cars, or even unsecured guns in homes, has allowed criminals access to more guns, all the guns they could ever want, which had lead to minor males using these guns during crimes like carjackings.
How sad. When will this madness cease ?
Honk Honk
There was a off duty border control agent present at the synagogue attending services. He was carrying his firearm and returned fire on the suspect. Without him this would have another mass shooting. People wake up! Arm your synagogues. Get trained. Get armed.
Someone did something. Clearly an event took place.
I live in Poway. It’s such a quite and great place to live. You’ll never think that something like this could happen here until it does.
Thatheyshamwhatisgoinhonintheqorldtoday
ah lets milk this shooting XD
its like columbine 2
This is what happens when you watch too many conspiracy videos on YouTube and read too many conspiracy nutjob blogs online.
Religion strikes again.
Fake
Why the duck is there always something bad happening in this world
These Wernt Jew's 
They were Passover celebrators
god please save us
Some very fine folks on both side of the divide
Why so much HATE people overall religion race gender or what ever HATE don't belong amongst religion race gender or what ever peace what belongs here
it’s almost 2020 and people are still murdering each other for religions that aren’t even real
Huge cream pies
How come whenever there's a mass shooting it gets so much attention but when there aren't any casualties no one seems to talk about it
To saying no to the violence in the name of religion. To have the maturity and humanity to live and let live. To not be violent because someone disagrees with your opinion. To be able to believe and worship the way you choose or not as long as nobody tries to convert or be violent.
what is the religion of the terrorist ? let me guess.....
Prayers out to the families. However it’s very interesting how all these white shooters are always taken into custody. I’m just saying
And as always, notice how the police were not around when the violence started. Don't get me wrong--I'm not blaming them. It is the shooter's fault for deciding to do what he did. The point is that you can't assume the cops will be there when you need them. The fact that there is a 911 hotline should tell you that; if law enforcers were around to rescue us when enemies show up then no one would need to dial 911 to begin with. Weaponry can give you a real advantage if you are trained & highly qualified in its use. Maybe you disagree & that's okay. Whatever your position is on gun control or associated hot-button issues is is your business. But realize that you cannot depend on cops to show up & save your life in the nick of time. I've had dealings with police both personally & professionally. The best response time I ever saw was two minutes & 35 seconds, but the other times were never less than a half-hour. Depending on what happens & what you do (or don't do), you can die in 20 seconds or less. Think about it.
Killing over religion is older than Jesus. This will never end .Very sad  for all relatives ,keep your faith and pray to GOD.
Very sad. This is a common scenario in America. Even quiet town USA isn't safe. Again, prayers and healing thoughts to all involved who help and assist the families.
The most likely suspect is Ilhan Omar and her incestuous brother/husband.
Called the Mayor “Rabbi” ahahahahahahaha
This is why we need communism. 


You can't afford a gun if you can't afford food.
America.....
Ah pero les encantan las armas, si las prohibieran dejarian de llegar a México y seria mas facil eliminar la droga. Dejen de mandar armas y dejaran de llegar drogas a los impolutos gringos roba terriotorio.
Was it a Muslim?
Just a little taste of vengeance for what you Jews did to us. Remember the U.S.S Liberty.
allah ackbar
Can't wait for people to blame Trump.
This has to stop...now
How did this hate-filled 19 yr. old get a gun????? Whoever sold it to him should be arrested!!! The background checks must include any online murderous rants as blocks to getting guns.
You don’t report how it happened
Don't turn this into propaganda!
definitely a false flag. if a tree falls and there is no one to hear it then does it exist?
who are the parents of the ninteen year old who did this? its the parents fault most of all.
honk honk
Again with their Thoughts and prayers. Nobody wants that. Guns will keep murdering innocent folks for times to come. It's the one holding the gun that kills the other not the gun. Get the gun out of the equation and there's no killing. Less shootings, less crime rate, less everything.
Now if only we had concealed carry laws the gunman would have been dead after the first shot. Instead, our pathetic state will once again try to ban guns.
Believes hate crime???? No I’m sure it happened because he loved it so much. Idiots 🤦‍♂️
Maybe look at a few politicians, you all don't come together. Why do u think many are moving out of California, all over California. How about that wall&sanctions need to go. Hate crime is surrounded by fake news,Maxine waters,just to name 1!
I am so happy that not that much people died but r.i.p the person who did die
so jews be trying to disarm us in california, but they conceal carry in their synagogues? the irony.
Sad reality of our society.  Tolerance, love, and compassion have gone by the wayside.   One would expect this of radical Islamists, not the average American.
Only a coward would shoot up any peaceful place of worship
Probably white
Why is it that people love to say Karma is a B but then when things like this happen the theory is thrown right out the window?
build the wall, take the guns, then your freedom, and tax you.....thats the plan ;) its called the New World Order...it aint new and it certainly aint short on order
The amount of hate crimes happening is just scary, think about it, another bombing or shooting can happen anywhere, it makes me kinda worried I don’t know why.
but Israel doing 9/11 wasn't a hate crime?
Very unfortunate, no one innocent deserves to be shot over opinions, no matter what race or religion.
As a resident of Poway, I can say that this was horrific. I was sitting with my grandpa on our front yard, when a mass of police cars comes rushing down the mountain near my home. I asked him what happened and he said "There was a shooting." This is awful. I always wanted my small town to be noticed, but in this way is just the worst way possible. I hope for the best, I really do.
Christians are becoming terrorists again. Its like history repeats itself. We never learn.
Ban all guns.
CNN is already saying it is White Supremacist and that Donald Trump Promoted this horrible incident.This is not the time or place to create a political agenda.Shame on CNN as they have no human compassion for the families.
The one responsible is trump cause he gets on Twitter and start ranting and telling his brainless followers that everyone is the enemy of the people but yet there's no consequences for him right smfh wake up people this won't be the last time this happens, this is why trump NEEDS to be taken off the office. It's sad that 30 % of the country are brainless racist.
There’s always an agenda with the shootings .. Jewish based propaganda in the United States . Why do they have the most holidays in the states? And why are we allowing this to take place ??
GOD is pouring out he judgement on this world for there wickedness.it will not get better you have not seemed nothing yet.God is in control
We need to stop Trump's 'very fine people'.
Hate crime!?
Of course it’s a hate crime, because he is not a muslim. But if he was a muslim definitely it’s going to be an act of terrorism
Its been confirmed. He is a Trump MAGAt.
Liberals Nazi's attack again
Oh B,S this is all staged, come on people.
What is the freaking point of hurting innocent people you don’t even know who have done nothing to you?? What’s the point of hurting people even if they have? There’s NO place in a civilized society for violence except in self defense or war. This blows my mind. Sri Lanka. Seems like every week something else crazy happens. I would say “thoughts and prayers” etc., which I do have, but something more is required. Sigh......
Pray for her family and those who are injured
#HITLERtrumpsUSA
Guaranteed an Atheist was not involved.
Boring...
go ahead give up ypur guns and continue to be victims !!
Someone did something? Oh my! honk honk
Can’t say I feel too bad. This was bound to happen when you demonize White people.
So all 3 major Ibrahimic religious groups took a shooting in their religious buildings within barely even 2 months, the world really is coming to an end
The goyim know.
Honk Honk
🤡🌎
Never give up your guns patriots! The globalists will use stories like this to try and disarm the law abiding gun owners.....Don't fall for it.
It is now doubly important for the Democratic party to get a handle on some of the rhetoric coming out in recent days from their ranks. It only takes one unstable person to hear something on the news or in passing and then process it in their warped mind resulting in a tragedy. Saying Jews are like cockroaches, or that they control the finances of the country in a nefarious way - these are old antisemitic tropes that have no place in politics. I hope the right people get the message.
conceal carry people‼️
I am not a Dummy and they show poor Taste in their timing.In a couple of years or less CNN will be a thing of the past and people will laugh about the morons who tried to sell themselves as news casters.CNN was good at the beginning of the war in Iraq but then went way left and Became extremely hateful to Americans who did not agree on their views.Maybe a good station for California that is if California still has electricity and people willing to work.
cia,  gchq false flags continue. no matter what the deep state does the traitors will hang.
There was probably a bigger shooting in Compton, Watts, Detriot, or Chicago.
Probably about Sovereign Citizens.
How do we stop the Liberal Jihad?
Woah!!  You mean to tell me that another guy with a gun at the right place and time prevented more deaths from happening?!?!?!?!??!
Interesting, isn't it?!?!
it was muslims
6,000,001
Ban MSNBC (fake news) for fueling the hate.
Disgusting! Where are we leading to? killing any innocents is like killing whole Humanity & saving one innocent is like saving whole Humantiy... (Holy Quran)
1 dead in a country of almost 400 million, quick let's make this breaking news so we can tarnish the 2nd amendment even though it happened in one of the most gun free zones in America.
We as citizens' of this world need to take a close look at ourselves and ask just what are we teaching our children.  Are we teaching them to have empathy, cognizance and tolerance of our fellow citizens?  Or are we preaching hatred, fear and insularity?  No single religion, culture or race has all the answers.
Blink182
No religion is safe. No musician is safe on stage.
$5 says it was a crazy progressive democrat and/or a member of the "religion of peace"
Praying for comfort , healing, peace..
the only good jew is a dead one.
100,000 baby seals or 1 human
Maybe if you disgusting media parasites wouldn't give the shooter's name and intentions, other sick murderers with plans of becoming 'famous' would think twice about committing their crimes.
Oh look, your gun control laws failed again.
Now America we need to have a talk here. It's not okay to shoot people around the holiday seasons. Another the year that's a different story people have to protect your second amendment rights. lulz
Welp get ready, somehow I’ll be to blame for this just for being white and male.
Some people did something to some Passover worshipers. isn't that right Obama and Omar?
the dead one is the shooter yea?
“This was just after Passover.” Oh the holiday you celebrate that remembers god killing all first born boys in Egypt?
I feel bad for those Passover worshippers.
Trump: If only that Rabbi have an assault rifle this wouldn't have happened.
I like how when the reporter asked what weapon was used he tried to go buzzword fishing.
The mayor claims it was a hate crime. I don't know if anyone shoots people out of love? I'm sure President Trump will be blamed for this shooting. I'm sure this will be ammunition for the gun grabbing crowd. Never let a tragedy go to waste.
Whoever the shooter was knows the truth about the jews.
It's time to wait until the information appears.  
This is really sad, and my condolences for the Jewish Community who were victims of hate.
Another white Male Christian mass shooter..  sounds about right...  and we worry about groups across the world and pour billions to fight those groups yet the real enemy of the people are here committing hate crime after hate crime...
#SLOPPYJOBMOSSAD
Well if this violence against Jews continues we will have to put them all into concentration camp for their own safety until we can sort this all out.
The gunman called the police to report the shooting, and he was taken alive.  Wow.   These people are real comfortable with carrying out mass shootings or what was intended to be a mass shooting and behave as though it is nothing.  They are not mentally ill and this is not a gun problem.     And Bernie doesn't understand why he was booed at an event  when he only spoke of marching with Dr King in response to an Asian woman asking  "what will be your policies to deal with white nationalist violence against nonwhites (and Jews)"
Jesus come in back!
Yet people and parts of the Media still want to continue with their gas lighting of Muslims and immigrants.    RIP
California as always
Let's all blame trump for everything! Let's not blame the guy but did but clearly the guy who told him to go do it. I swear liberals are five year olds blaming everything on everyone else. Something bad happened oh let's blame the potus! Who did you guys blame before that? Cause clearly that's all dems do
Man, for some of these people. They would have to be there being shot for them to believe this is real. Sadly, only time that will happen for these people is when their shooting Jew/Woman/Liberal/Deep state/Islam/or schools.
I'm a resident in poway and hearing about our small community being attacked by individuals who have nothing but hate sucks. Really is sad that even the most unlikely of places are not safe to practice religion, enjoy free time, and just being with friends and family. You can't be safe anywhere anymore
MSNBC working to connect this shooting to Trump...some how.
Stay strong Jewish brothers
Only 1 person? how sad...
San Diego is the skin head capital of America. America knows this, yet they refuse to clean this vermin out. Nazis, kkk, and all other hate groups go get a pass, because the, so called, white people simply look the other way.
Trump and fox use fear mongering tactics as a weapon to control their followers. They try to say that we should be afraid of so called Hispanic " invaders."  However, the biggest threat to Amerca, has always come from within. The biggest threat to America has always been here. 

Simon: “Maybe.......maybe there is a beast.  What I mean is, maybe it's only us.” 
― William Golding, Lord of the Flies
Of course this isn't serious, because a black, hispanic, or a muslim wasn't involved as the ''victim''. If this were another group, it would be worldwide news, and all the hate preachers would be on every corner. Keep trying, Christians And Jews are not going anywhere, God Bless Israel and God Bless America.
More of those GOOD PEOPLE!!!
you can blame MSM and their anti Semitic, pro-islamic, news coverage for this.  when you preace hate about a class of people, this is the result.
Now, more than ever, the country needs to come together to support the Jewish community and Israel. I think killing a few Palis and bulldozing several homes would be an appropriate response. Maybe drop a few bombs on Gaza.
Maxine Waters caused this shooting.
always a hero
But sure let’s keep allowing everyone and anyone to purchase military grade weapons. Awesome idea.
So they got shot on the Sabbath passover ends?  Somebody educated did this.
False flags
All this could have been avoided if they had an armed guard. 😔
Sad thats only 1, and not 1 hundred.
If you want to find evidence of this being f@ke or a f@lse fl@g you'll need to use search engines other than Google/DuckDuckGo or the Youtube search.  Those results are all deliberately censored to protect the narrative
Why do people do this. This is really upsetting and horrific. Prayers to these people affected 🙏
Wait why did this happened??churches in California are suppose to be gun free, I mean did this shooter even have his ccw...did he get a background check? I guess we need more gun control because these criminals need to understand firearms are dangerous
If those people were armed this would have never happened you shouldn't have to be armed in church but the fact remains this world is full of crazy people and when you disarm the general public things like this happen guaranteed this guy would have never walked into a place with a bunch of armed people and started shooting would have never happened think about that
The wall would have stopped this. Oh, wait! It was another white Trump supporter that wants the wall! My bad.
This was a hate crime. The attack that killed hundreds of Christian's was a hate crime. They attacked people simply because of their religion. It's scary because I'm a Catholic, and I know there are people out there who hate people for being apart of a religion.
jews have different political beliefs and different beliefs in general that they try and push on people and nobody is interested and nobody likes them that is why people like this break and do things like this. i dont agree with murder at all im just telling it like it is. i dont hate jews i just know other people do....... the jewish politicians are ruining america
If Ilhan Omar did the shooting, there would have been no problem. She's allowed to do and say anything to Jewish people.
Thoughts and prayers...drink.
Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib are having a very good year. Much to celebrate!
Do the math, a darkness fell over Earth when trump was elected. So much racism and hate. Lawless America.
I'm so glad this happened, I wish he got a higher score.
I was in a restaurant today and heard a guy say their are good Muslims out there. The other guy said who and where. the other man answered "dead ones".
MSN ALWAYS LIES !!
THEY ARE NOT JOURNALISTS 
THEY ARE REPEATERS !!
God bless all this good people and  please god take Trump with you
These Demonrats in office need to abolish their plans for Disarming innocent people and leaving them defenseless against  criminals such as active shooters .
Wake up people. Wake up
This made ‘breaking news’ but the 300+ Christians killed in Sri Lanka didn’t.
The shooter has been identified as Bhushan Kumar, a suspected member of ISIS.
What's it gonna take before Congress does it's job?
good
Oy vey it’s annuda Shoah!
Only one!
How underwhelming.
When the hate is spewing out and it's condoned from the Whitehouse, it's only going to get worse
IRAN AT IT AGAIN BRO
Without any info about the shooter why is this being labeled a hate crime? Who's crystal ball said this was a hate crime? If it is not a hate crime how does the MSM expect to un-ring the bell ?
The problem in America that anyone can buy a gun
So sad, another "hate crime".  Why can't people just shoot each other without hate....
People are just minding their own business in church and some asswhipe comes in to shoot them because they believe in a religion that they doesn't like. Watch how his actions are gonna be ideologies of  the Alt Right. Idiots have the audacity to claim that Liberals are dangerous, yet the actual dangerous people that are killing others are right wing. Moronic oline conservatives will just ignore that these killers are part of their political group, and would spread lies and say that liberals are killers since they're that jealous. It's pathetic.
He was spotted at the NRA convention yesterday. Had his photo taken with Trump.
Lol, California sucks.
Oh my 🤦🏽‍♀️, the end is upon us. These never ending attacks against different religions, primarily Christians is ridiculous but Jesus warned us this would happen.

Repent, for our Lord and savior is coming back soon! If you’re alive and breathing ask for forgiveness and change your ways. ❤️
Breaking News Trump RALLY is very HUGE in Wisconsin.
If we find out the shooter was Muslim, it will be forgotten and not covered. If a straight white guy MSM will be talking about this for months.
A bullet for every jew
Mooooslims again???
This just makes my belief that religion is stupid even bigger
Was it a Muslim or a Democrat that did it?
No Saturday worshippers, Passover worshippers, or synagogue worshippers MSM?.
Trump MUST apologize for and denounce his statement that there were "fine people on both sides" in Charlottesville because it emboldens white supremacists and neo nazis. He absolutely must. And 4chan needs to be held accountable.
The people in the comments calling these abrahamic parasites peaceful. smh. These regressive desert religions have brought nothing to this world except for divison amongst people, genocide, bribery, usury, spiritual and physical emptiness etc... NOT PEACEFUL.
No matter how hard you believe there is no God to protect you. You have to protect yourself.
A synagogue on the Sabbath after the end of their  Passover time? Coincidence? Of course. And no Muslim terrorists could have done it because the main slime media folks are scared shitless to even suggest that possibility -  just like Sri Lanka and Paris. Could this be a Soros-Obama-Hillary-Comey operation to draw attention away from the results of the bogus Russia collusion scandal that exposed Brokeback Odumbo as the disgraceful highest ranking crook in the crooked Odumbo administration?
This comment section is garbage. Right wing trolls are rotten to the core trying to spin this. On the previous video, baseless accusations that the shooter was Muslim. Now it is confirmed he is white the spin is getting out of control.
Smh, you wonder why those guys are really early trolling when these kind of events happen...
How sad. Everyone buy more guns! Be ready for any situation!
John T Earnest is an outstanding hero of our times, unfortunately the sowing was a bit sparse and desappointing
lol
These DEMON RATS never talk about the christian onslaught by mohamadite dogs who have no shame and scream out to satan afterwards or during their hatred while their being posessed to do so how many christian churches have been attacked over the last few weeks by these DOGS.
Trump will now give Israel an extra billion this year. This I can tell you.
"Thoughts 'n' prayers."
The NRA solution is flood America with more and lethal forms of guns sad to a bunch of angry, paranoid, and stereotypical people.
Bmb false flag  Patriots are watching
zionist tv will play on this pysop.....just wait untill the us trys to go to war with iran!....soon
MSNBC is partly responsible for creating the Antisemitism that caused this tragedy.
So aren't CA gun laws supposed to stop shootings from happening? I thought criminals obeyed laws once they were in place my mind is completely blown by the fact that CA gun laws aren't ending shootings.
Hey, GUN NUTS? Any thoughts as to what kind of assault rifle he used? What is your preference? LMAO
One of the fine "Jews will not replace us" people ??
But when someone gets shot in compton, nobody cares. lol
Loons Everywhere😒!.
MSNBC is dead They're saying it was suicide
$10 bucks it’s a right winger.
The Gods seem to be at war. Which God will win the battle!?!?!?! Only God knows!
Falseflag gone wrong
Why MSNBC is not reporting lot of Christian , who dies in many countries of the worl???  What about Saudi Arabia and Jemen , what about France yellow west ??? This TV do nothing to information us ?? Who lead this Demonic TV ????
he posted manifesto, I just read it. The guy is confused, he calls himself a Christian and that Jesus Christ inspired him to do it, many quotes from Bible,  he hates "anti-white" Trump, etc, etc. He selected wrong target though if he wanted to protect his European race as Tarant did. It would had made total sense if he went after moslems  (not just arson some mosque), but jews, despite being corrupt and sneaky not a real threat, but victims themselves - even Congress full of jews cant take down terrorist supporter omar.
Guns saves lives
USA, how's that second amendment working out for you all?
Another Trump supporter shoots up a synagogue. Big surprise.
Must be one of those fine people Trump was telling us about.
"hate crime" is not a word, it´s like when people say there are more than two genders.
GOOD PEOPLE WITH GUNS STOP BAD PEOPLE WITH GUNS. STOP TAKING GUNS AWAY FROM GOOD PEOPLE!
Hate crime is the best.
It brings in ratings.
Imagine what wpuld have happened If the second amendment didnt exist
only good jew is a dead jew
Let's wait for the gun ban that's coming and the stricter gun laws that could have "prevented" this
ｓｈａｌｌ　ｎｏｔ　ｂｅ　ｉｎｆｒｉｎｇｅｄ
You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold dead hands 🔫🇺🇸
The biggest threat to peace in the world is the United States of America, who’ve elected a goon like Trump.
California and Florida. Two places i will never live. The drama and stories that come from those two states is more than all the other states combined
Maybe he was made that the Jews didn't give Trump the best property in the new settlement they named after Donnie?
Funny how the death toll of 1 overshadows the death toll of over 250 at a catholic church in Sri Lanka. Is that not a hate crime?
Welp. Let’s hurry up and lock him up so he can start voting democrat.
Was it the South Park Ninjas who did this?
Suspect is 19 year old White male..
Fake news... Filming Propaganda drills and paid crisis actor's.. Presenting it to the American people as a real event... Lol..
Islam does not belong in America! Does not belong in this world! Pure evil!
neo nazicide now
Hate crimes are not real. This is drumming for a fake holy war. Don't buy it.
What
California has the most gun restrictions in the country
Get ready for another push to take the guns
Only people should have guns is police and military. That's it !
when are we gonna start calling a spade a spade?  ffs this so called religion is nothing even close to peace.. all they do is teach intolerance and hatred for anyone who is not like them,, but the left just defends them till their eyes bleed .. smh .. its not racist if its true!
Why aren't they showing a picture of the shooter? Every other shooting they plaster pics of the shooter everywhere.
1 dead Muslim gets 7 minutes and over 300 Christian's dead didn't get 7 minutes....seems about right
I'll ask the same question again, like I do multiple times a year, sometime multiple times a month, regardless of the number of fatalities;
When is it, "too many," shootings in America?!

There are only a small handful of politicians, Democrat and Republican alike, who don't take Campaign contributions from millionaires, billionaires, corporations, PAC's and SuperPAC's, and lobbyists working on behalf of industry like gun manufacturers and the NRA. 

And, if you don't think they expect a return on that investment, you're either woefully uneducated or just ignorant.

Not ONE of them can be counted on to serve the will of their VOTERS, as opposed to their DONORS, which is why it seems like we're screaming into the wind, and until we get that money OUT of our politics, we can't expect ANYTHING to even begin to change, even as we sit in our comfortable recliners watching yet ANOTHER mass shooting News report.
Who cares? How many dead in Chicago this year alone?
People are so dumb, even the news it stupid. Think about it, Easter, New Zealand, and now this, I think the president should ban synagogue in America because this will keep going, and going.
???  Maybe this young guy  is mad because Trumps is to chummy with Netanyahu  a "JEW ".  I wonder when those young white guys from Charlotville are going to protest Trump ? Jews will not replace us ?
The NRA is already arguing he should be able to keep his guns.
ONLY A PATHETIC DEMONCRAT. WOULD IMMEDIATELY SAY THIS WAS A TRUMP SUPPORTER..SICK!!!
How convenient that school shootings have suddenly switched to religious landmarks. Can't you see this is apart of the plan. So many naive brainwashed people don't see and choose to follow the lies and deception of evil that controls the world governments.
Will he be prosecuted at the federal level ?
OY VEYYYYYYYY
When the law abiding citizen/s with a gun always stopped the bad guy/s and saved lives. It never missed it yet. Prayers to our Americans Jewish brothers.🙏✝️🌷
So school shootings weren't enough, now Churches and Synogogues are targets? You 2nd amendment defenders need to start policing your own, or the greater population will turn on you. Personally I don't care either way on guns, but the constitution has been changed before because of public outrage with alcohol...
White Trump supporter means Trump wont be tweeting or mentioning this latest domestic-terror act. He wont even call it a domestic-terrort attack . He NEVER has and NEVER will.
Gamers rise up!
I wonder if Nancy Pelosi now sees how the anti-Semitic hate speech of  Ilhan Abdullahi Omar and others on the left are emboldening kids that look up to them to take hostile action.
1:05 about a week ago
i dont feel like watching this, but i know they will blame Trump, so dislike
I'm shocked it's another one of Trumps "fine" people.
Looks like someone had a release all over the synagogue's people! His therapist should be proud!
It must have been an MSNBC employee
okay done
Let in millions of unvetted illegal immigrants, what could possibly go wrong 💉🔪🔫
Smells like a false flag,,    Poor Jews their so victimized ...  10 million Palestinians dis agree
Close all international airports
Oy Veh!! It's anudda shoah!!!
SHUKS, oly one!Q
This is old news all this has already been warned and told about. It’s called the holy bible. It’s all written out. None of this is shocking to the ones who believe. Stop worrying about trying to stop it or pick a different t president. It’s all written out already
Sad day. Fortunately, MSNBC decided to immediately devote some time for this, after giving no coverage to the slaughter of 200+ Christians just last week.
they should elect a muslim president and he will have 8 yrs of peace like 2008-16. not a single rioting,looting,everything made about race to support criminal behavior while being anti police every other week,
tight creamy pucci
God is so real he failed to rescue those people
Again?
"I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living."  -- Psalm 27:13
Fake news Hispanics for trump
Ehh who cares its California.
This is what happens when you let muslims in.
And to think, those Right Wing Extremist bums who commit these heinous crimes are the same ones who are trying to convince us that all Muslims are "terrorists" and that we are all in danger from them!...Very sad, and ironic, indeed!
trump is the cause of this....and ironically the Orthodox Jews who support him are also guilty of this tragedy!!!!!!!!!!plus what happened to those Jews  in Pittsburgh 6 months ago!!!!!
Just Easter worshipers nothing to worry about.
He used a machine gun. Tell us, Gun nuts, what rifle do you think he used? AR15? 16? Uzi? What is the rifle of choice you use in terrorist acts?
rest in peace
NRA strikes again.
Hate crime? Lmfao seriously ? Wow ...
These guys should remove their MAGA hats after these terrorist acts so they won't be so quickly caught. Duh!
I'm going out on a limb and say that Trump is going to say that there were fine people on both sides.
I'm glad this happened. Kіkes are the worst vermin.
White Trump supporter. Go figure. Who duh thought?
That’s why you need to stay arm to protect yourself and love ones
I have 18 grand that if he voted it was for trump. Ill give 18 to 1 odds, any takers? 207-660-1108 CALL TO PLACE BETS!
NRA keeps pushing for automatic gun rights.  NRA is America's National Murder Inc.
Oh look, another example gun control doesn't work!
I don't buy this "shooting" for one second. False flag! The Jews are just trying to Garner sympathy so they can enact their Noahhide laws into affect. Give up your freedom for security. Same ol same ol
Wtf is going on in this world
I know,  I know its a immigrants !!!
Build the wall !!!
Dump Trump built the wall !!!!
The trump era has allowed and normalized all types of bigotry. Sexism, racism, xenophobia, homophobia etc
Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar!
thot pucci
All propaganda. Look up the Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 under the NDAA. Propaganda is allowed via the state-run news media.
I smell a possible script... It’s always agenda driven anyways that’s for certainty.
Commufornia should ease up on gun laws so more can carry and take care of attackers much quicker.
God bless America, and his chosen people.. If Mohammed was truly a descendant of Abraham.. he would not encourage the destruction of his own heritage
A real president would start fighting back against the alt-right, but the orange blight thinks that they are "fine people" 🤬👹💩
So sad innocents are always hurt. DS trapped like rats and losing their minds. Expect more FFs in the coming weeks...stay vigilant and safe!
Sad he only took out one schlomo.
We say 'oh just one died' but that is one too many. That person did not deserve to die today. This totally sucks
Liberal Paradise.
...The Rothchilds OWN the News Media Outlets...
Why that happened today was a lead for Trump to slam the nyt.
I wonder what the perp is telling the cops.
Another hoax
i live in escondido about 20 mins form poway and if california let us get are ccw and not take the guns out or good people stupid people like this might think twice about pulling out a gun when the sides are even both sides think twice  this stupid state need to stop overthinking everything and learn for the state to the east
He is white and he is 19 and ofcourse he is mentally unstable,  gotta be great to be white you can even get away with terrorism.
Not a big deal folks. It was someone who did something and in the process 1 passover worshiper was killed.
Was the Sri Lanka bombing that killed 300+ Christians a hate crime? I can't remember if NPC News reported it that way?
sike
I bet Trump fly's all the way out there just because of one dad Jew. Yet he can't go to where 150 non-Jews were killed.
Another MAGAterrorist
Im blaming the trump era for this.
Why do people assume everything they see on the news really happened?
Here comes Zionist false flags to bring in antisemitic laws.
Ok..another terrorist attack by white people..and 45 and Republicans will send prayers and thoughts..this is a symptom of the trump era.
TRUMPS fine people attack helpless people .
I bet Ilhan Omar and her fellow Muslims are dancing in the streets. Politics have always been nasty! But she takes it to another level.
Despicable & deplorable White Nationalist Trump Supporters running amok & attacking another Synagogue!
This is want religion gets you.
So may MAGA hat domestic-terrorist acts in the last year you need a scorecard to keep track of them all.
Wonder y these r going on at mosques, churches, synagogues makes no sense
Anytime you shoot people its a hate crime
Trump tweeted" There is violence on both sides.
No Jews were harmed in the making of this false flag.
Going out on a limb and say this was a MAGA voter. White evangelicals go silent.
Don’t really care for California. Let them float away.
western media: hundreds of christians died? meh
1 Jew died? 
THIS WILL NOT GO UNPUNISHED! 


as a wise man once said, 60 million died in ww2. why did only 6 million of them become important?
The government needs to give everyone a gun as soon as they turn 18. There would be alot less shootings if you knew everyone had a gun to shoot back. It would be mostly gangs and let them shoot each other, its solving the problem themselves.
For the record,  the media is getting the report totally incorrect concerning the Passover.  Today is not the end of Passover. The Passover is observed for 1 day only,  the following day begins the High Shabbat of The Feast of Unleavened Bread which runs for 7 days.  Today marks the end of the 7 day feast,  not The Passover.
I thought the wall would stop this? Oh, wait. Its another white Trump voter!!
AmeriKKKa you can thank the white right RepubliKKKans for this.
Trump supporters....this is your fault
FAKE story!
Let's all give credit to the NRA with Republicans and the right wing propaganda machine support for seeing to it that every psycho and terrorist could get all the guns and ammo they want, knowing that they will never be held accountable!
thot central
i live in escondido about 20 mins form poway and if california let us get are ccw and not take the guns out or good people stupid people like this might think twice about pulling out a gun when the sides are even both sides think twice  this stupid state need to stop overthinking everything and learn for the state to the east
Another MAGA hat domestic terrorist. How many have the FBI caught in the last year? 3? 4? Now this guy.  And there will be more. These are Trumps "Fine" people.
Sadly, many commenters use this to offer pretend trump quotes to blame him. The shooter specifically wrote he was NOT a conservative and hated trump, and that is still where much fingerpointing instantly goes in the dem/media.
White People Are At It Again #SoundsAboutWhite 🙄
Interesting that when a massive coordinated attack by wealthy and privileged  Islamist against christian killing 300 + get far less coverage and is esentially ignored by MSNBC (one article a day later) than a terrorist who kills 1 person at synagog
White people back at it again 😂🤣
Not surprised with the left hate for the jews
Wait. Must be Fake News.. How can this happen? California has the toughest gun laws in America!!
Well, if N.Y. Times didn't post so much anti semitism, stuff like this wouldn't happen.
Every murder is a hate crime. 100 people are murdered each day on average, but only a select few make it to the MSM. The reason they are focusing on this one is for political purposes. There is no other explanation. Has the MSM every put so much energy into a shooting involving an atheist who happened to be murdered buy a person of faith? I'm sure it happens every day but you will never hear the MSM label it a hate crime. Why not? People of faith can hate an atheist with as much passion as an atheist can hate a person of faith. This is more MSM BS
There is another death add to tRump's and NRA's name.
Anti atheism is getting out of hand too. More atheist have been killed by gun violence than people of faith this year!!!
DONALD TRUMP
I Bet its isis again "
It’s only a hate crime if Jewish or Homosexuals are involved. Everything else it doesn’t matter even if it’s little children getting massacre at a Elementary school in Connecticut.
Prayers to all affected by a horrible crime. Will NBC also be covering the vaccine story the nightly news and all NBC affiliates ran yesterday of the measles outbreak where NBC bought a stock photo of a nurse holding a baby and edited it to look like the baby was all covered in measles? We know NBC and media makes up stories all the time, but that fabricated story was way too obvious...someone needs to be fired so you can hire better photo editors and art directors to create your stories.
I am so angry... I believe it is time to stomp the moslem world... god I hope not
Once again turns away from the victims to praise the cops. Cops are not heros
Deepstate strikes AGAIN. What how do you say hate crime ! Isn't all shootings and there reason have to do with hate. It's not like deep state hasn't acted in this form before
Another synagogue shooting,  MAGA Trump and Kim Jun un 2020
It's sad that after this administration took over hate crimes are rising, specifically in Jewish communities. Too much hate is killing us.
George Bush Jr. administration  repercussions continue.

Fact, not fiction.✋
MSLSD news is"FAKE NEWS EVERYBODY"!!!! Liberals lie, cheat and steal...
Should Liberals be allowed to vote? They 
seem to be very unstable and violent.
