I declare a National Emergency.. now I'm off to vacation in my private club. Enjoy the caravan!
Trump is such a coward after declaring the nation national emergency then he went on weekend vacation to Mara- lago on taxpayers money.
"I declare a National emergency....now who's up for a round of golf at Mar-A-Lago?" Its insanity at its worst
Many illegal immigrants work peacefully for years in country clubs.
“I didn’t need to do this, but I’d rather do it much faster.” - Stormy Daniels

😆😅😂🤣😆😅😂🤣
Okay, he's nuts! Seriously, something is not right with that man.
"I didn't need to do this..." 
Well it's not a f*cking emergency then! What a tool.
He admits it's political. He admits it's not an emergency. 
Donald Trump occupies a special level of stupidity. 
At any rate, none of this is getting through the courts. 
There will be no wall. 
Confirmed.
I just hope when the next Democratic President declares a national emergency over health care he/she isn't dumb enough to say "I didn't need to do this..." hahaha
"OMG there is an emergency in the White House! Better go play golf..."
He not only said he didn’t have to do it, he also said he did it for the ‘20 election.
Could our President be any more stupid? Jesus...
So a national emergency is just another political way to get your way any day any time .
The truly disgusting part is the only reason trump can even think about getting away with the crap he does is due to the complicity of Mitch McConnell.
If any one needs to be shot as a traitor to his country AND HIS OATH of office, it's Mitch McConnell.
his stupidity is stunning in his own words he proves its not an emergency its just a campaign issue
And their I thought he can't be dumber than his supporters... He proved me wrong. He's just as stupid as his supporters.
This is how a President speaks??? 😱
He’s crazy sick. Someone needs to help him.  He is off his trolley!
Coulter is not amused 😆
Brilliant move, dude. Happy further drowning in lawsuits and investigations.
Fake af Emergency - Fake af President
How  long  are  you  going  to  let  this  Space-Cadet  play  with  "your"  country ? ...............
Trumps totally confused he doesn’t remember which lies he told two seconds before the last one. On the wall first it was Mexico’s going to pay for it Then it was American taxpayers we’re going to pay then it was the walls built already or most of it, now it’s a national emergency. If it was a national emergency he could’ve declared one when he first got an office.
“I didn’t need to do this, but I’d rather do it much faster.” - Robert Mueller
Trump is always finding new ways to throw a tantrum.
So basically Mitch McConnell explained the planned process and strategy to Trump and Trump basically sang the plan on national TV. This President will eventually reveal himself as a true Song Bird who will sing like a canary.
A child in the White House
That sounds like Kid calling 911 for fun.
An alien, from a super-advanced intergalactic civilization, landed his ship on my lawn tonight.
He said "Take me to your leader, the most powerful and intelligent being on this world."
I said "Err . . . you might wanna come back later, buddy, see how we're doing in a couple of years."
The Dems just showed the world how much of a loser he is by making him except a deal where he gets nothing, 
He must be thinking OMG they just grabbed me by my P#### in front of the whole world this must be a national
emergency....This is the perfect time to go to Mar o largo play some gulf and try and get my Sh#t together and do 
some tanning....SMH
Just realized you never see any footage of trump laughing. Couldn't find any. He kinda just smirks. But never laughs. Just sayin it's kinda weird.
Donald Trump: “I could do the wall over a longer period of time. I DIDN’T NEED to do this. (This meaning declaring National Emergency). But I’d rather do it much faster.”

Me: “So Trump, if you’re giving yourself the option of doing it faster or doing the the wall over a longer period of time..., and that you really didn’t need to declare a National Emergency, then there really is no Emergency. Are you just using the wall and the National Emergency as a distraction over the Mueller investigation?” I bet you won’t give an answer to my question just like those times you didn’t answer any reporters questions. Looks to me that the only fake news here are the words that come out of your mouth.”
Fraudulent Since Trump Towers in Russia 😁
Straight out of an SNL skit..
Lets give him 4 walls all around. MAGA Lock them up.
How did he get to be President ?
How is he not investigated over the emolument clause, any other president would golf anywhere else to avoid the appearance of impropriety. But not con man Don. Hes milking the US as much as he can before going to jail...
I didn't need to do this, but I have to!
It's the perfect example of what EMERGENCY is!
Geniuses😂
No Supreme Court Justice should be appointed based on wether he’s or she is Republican or Democrat, Liberal or Conservative, but he or understands the will of the Constitution, and the needs of the PEOPLE. If this methodology continues we will airways have another despot.
Trump is losing it.
Next week Trump is probably going to threaten nuclear wars against North Korea & China simultaneously... and everything happening now will be pushed to back burner.
I didn't need to do this! There you go words from a person that just Trumped his own National Emergency. Good luck in the courts, your last bet is your friends in the supreme court. And then, And Then, And THen, and THEn, And THEN-  shut up - Clown.
The sheer impotence of the opposition never cease to amaze me.
Trump and many republican politicians are so obviously corrupt and abusing the system, but somehow it seems they can not be stopped.
Ridiculous. You call that a democracy with freedom & justice ? I call BS.
Cheers !
Make America a Monarchy Again
Trump is such a nincompoop.
So glad I mistakenly put videos on 2x speed 20 minutes ago. I've caught up on over a month of news.
''... I didn’t need to do this ....."
Gee, is this the First time Trump actually told the truth?
WHAT A MENTALLY DEFICIENT FOOL ( Political correctness!)
People are individuals and just because someone is a Republican doesn't mean they support everything Donald Trump says, and just because they oppose him doesn't meant that Democrats don't believe in protecting our borders.  Stereotyping people is a bad thing and drives us all apart. Stop bad-mouthing Democrats and Republicans! We're Americans! Donald Trump is the guy who is driving us apart and promoting differences between us. Well…Donald Trump and the Russians
Ahh flawless logic, National Emergency called, let’s go on vacation.
You will never be the president again! You have no class, character, or Honor! Plus, you abused not only me also my family and friends...😎







🤡😠💀
I never promised you a rose garden, I beg for emergency, but I don’t have to!
It's always great when he's off-script, because he's so dumb that 99% of the time he'll say something totally stupid that will undercut what he's trying to do. What a clown.
It wasn't necessary for him to talk LIKE THIS cause it makes him out STUPID do you know what I MEAN?
What a mess!
Hopefully 2 more years of this pathetic clown and then we'll leave this behind like a bad dream.
Oh...thoughts & prayers for the 5 citizens who died by being murdered by a man with a gun......who "lost his job" in Aurora!!  😢😟🤐
Bada daba daba DA, Bada daba daba DA, Bada daba daba DA, Bada daba daba DA, Bada daba daba DA. 

Asolute F#ng moron.
"I didn't need to rip-off everybody I've ever done business with, but i did it anyway, with glee!" - "president" Donald J Trump.
If by any chance... ANY chance ...Trump is reelected in 2020 (doesn't seem likely, but neither did his win in 2016, so who knows), and the American people doesn't counter that win with a full on revolution - you are lost!
The rest of the world will be like "Ze fire has been called off, my friend. No wan ist coming to help you."
There’s always, and I mean literally always, a risk to 45’s case for everything because of his words. There is always a tweet or a recording from the past where 45 expressed the exact opposite of what he’s currently trying to con the country into.
Pence? Crickets from 13 Cabinet members that CAN overthrow fake potus. Are you waiting for Russia invasion or nuking USA and Donald not doing anything about Putin?
He would do literally anything to get re-elected. Anything for the validation his father never gave him. Sad!
"We will have a National Emergency . . ." What emergency has he planned?
#FASCISMtrumpINC  ssdd   
               DANGER: trump-owned supreme court?
 trump-putin filled 2 seats.
"IT'S A NATIONAL  EMERGENCY! Okay, I'm going golfing..."
Trump and the rest of the criminals burning with pardon fever, are the symptom of our total corruption.
Letter to my senators (Feel free to share with yours)

Our So-Called President gives us Shades of Jack Nicholson in A Few Good Men:

"Did you bypass Congress and subvert the will of The America Majority?  Did you extend Presidential overreach to the threshold  of Tyranny with the blessing of the scared little kitty cats who serve as U.S. Senators ?"

"YOU'RE GODDAMNED RIGHT I DID!"

How long will you remain complicit in this travesty, this war on America, Senator?

2020 is coming, and we can't wait!

Signed,

    Your Constituent, along with all my family and friends,

    Ted Thompson
"OMG There is a national crisis at the border with all the illegal immigrants.  I better go to Florida where I will be safe."  LOL
Now we need to hear from Giuliani so he can sink TRUMP right to the bottom!    Giuliani will be the icing on this cake!
"I didn't need tu do diss,boot i drader doo eat match faister"- Melania Trump
And then we vote him out..blue tsunami..
The only impenetrable wall  is Chump's want or absolute power.
Trump: "I am declaring a National Emergency"
Trump minutes later: "I didn't need to do this. I just wanted the wall done sooner. I'm doing this for my campaign in 2020."
Trump a bit later: "Coulter? I hardly know her."
Trump finishes up: "I going golfing for the weekend."

Umm, that is not the behavior of a President facing an emergency. That is the behavior of a senile coward running from his fake emergency. 

BTW, just in this AM, the White House is slashing the payouts to the 9/11 victims families.
It’s such an emergency he just had to go golfing all weekend afterward (on the public’s dime).
Is that the emergency? He’s so poor he has to travel and have recreational time paid by the taxpayer? You do have a bigger tax bill this year after all. Those golf trips ain’t cheap you know.
SOS!
It’s an emergency!
Melania needs more Botox! Jaja!!!

Have a good one folks.
Don’t forget to vote 2020.
Trumptanic's bilge pumps starting to overheat...
The "national emergency" is TheSittingPresident probably taking money from disaster funds (the real disasters in California and Puerto Rico which were so poorly and incompetently handled by his phony "administration") to appease his voters for his (hope of) 2020 reelection.
This remind me so much of the movie 300, where the politicians refuse to allow the military to guard their country, so the King take 300 men, to defend the whole country against a million Persians!
Why he is already talking of the Supreme Court ?????
I call for the 25th amendment to be implemented ASAP
F-R-A-U-D.   Impeachable Offense Number 10.  He Falsely Declared a National Emergency Knowing That No Real Emergency Existed.  WOW!     Start Nailing Down The Coffin !  #Trump Made False Claims To Obtain The Cash & Use It For Personal or Professional Gains.   #ImpeachTrumpNow #sfawareness
Two years ago I heard the word "libratard" and started donating to the ACLU every month since then.
Because it could have been written in the bill.
The best part is even if it doesn't work the outcome wont be known till after 2020. 4D chess in action.  MAGA
MSNBCCCP....sedition charges forthcoming.
The national emergency is kicking this fool out of the office right now before more damage happens to our democracy.
10 US Code 284 study it and weep
Once again Trump SHOOTS himself in the foot!
“I didn’t need to do this" - hysterical - it never gets old and I laugh every time I watch it............   :-D
"Criticism from the right wing" = Ann Coulter, Sean Hannity, and Rush Limbaugh did not approve.
Leave it to MSLSD and liar Brian to distort this story!!!! 😂
Trump knows more about technology than anybody. Can't he just rig up an impenetrable electric fence? He also knows more about drones than anybody. Send a bunch of those bad boys up too. Doesn't he know more than our military generals? We can't lose!
Better than stand up show
One of the aspects of the US judicial system I can't get my head around is this: it seems to be common knowledge that different courts have distinct 'profiles' and are likely to judge differently. Why is everybody ok with that?
iT'S AN EMERGENCY, I  haven't played golf at my courses and billed the government for millions of dollars!!
Keep you rifles and shot guns per constitution but national emergency on assault weapons. #LETSGO!
Cavenaugh  is in the supreme court hummm byob
A drowning man grasping at straws.
Trumps Had Diction Lessons But A s Always He Exaggerates Everything To The Max
"Pow! Bang! Right in the lawsuit!"
Why does Trump keep raising the timbre of his VOICE at the end of every SENTENCE?
This is a Madtv skit gone wrong 😂😂😂
This has to be a distraction from something
"I didn’t need to do this, but I’d rather do it much faster.” - Melania Trump
Why does Trump not hang himself with the help of his long tie,
that would  stop the national emergency  instantly. 😂😂😂😂
When he talks about others, he meant he.
WTF!!!! Why is the army in out state pulling every one over for no reason. No one is saying what is really going on with this national emergency and that is the Army or national guards are in our state pulling over people asking for identification for no reason. They are looking for illegals. He is terrorising our state.
l
MORON, no doubr about it and than he flees to Swamp a Lago. Not one coherent sentence, he did it, he didn't, he already built a wall, he's doing it so fast we even didn't notice it. Just like the emperors clothes.
Never surrender, Papa Don...
To his wallet more like it.
SNL is a WITCH HUNT. It’s FAKE TV. REAL COLLUSION!

Do you see a patern?! 🙄
2019 is off to a good start, bye bye Trump
0:26 Could some talented person re-mix this into a song? The more ridiculous, the better.
Keeping track of every politician against America's wall, not getting my vote next election cycle.
Politically, declaring a National emergency is a good move. If he gets his wall, his supporters will be pumped, and will go to vote for him in 2020. If he fail to get his wall, his supporters will be furious and fired up, and will go to vote for him in 2020.

Laws wise, this is terrible. Think about the consequences. If he gets his wall this way (Brett seems to prefer having a more powerful president), he will open a can of pain and chaos.

Imagine if every president declared a state of National emergency for every stupid little problem of theirs. The system of checks and balances that our nation relies on to keep the power balanced between the branches if government will take a great hit, and the president will become more powerful than Congress.
Did he just say the Supreme Court would automatically rule in his favor?
I don't regret voting for Hillary
Trump presented the  case ,choosed the jurors and got a guilty  veredict all at the same time. Outstanding.
trump lawyers be like, “yeah he said he didn’t have to declare the national emergency but that’s not what he really meant.”
"I didn't need to do this, but it was SO easy, I just couldn't help myself!" Vladimir Putin on why he decided to recruit Trump as a Russian asset in 2015.
"I didn't need to do this" means 'If the congress had done what was best for the country then I would not have needed to do this!!' Jump on it MSNBC!
Fake Emergency News. 😆
I'll take Covfefe for 69
Wait until people start doing their taxes - we’ve always gotten a refund but this year owe $4,000 - WTF !!
Congress is dedicated to allowing The Invasion
can't wait!
How is a México paying for a problem the U.S. created and that goes way beyond just the two countries fair?
Number one job of democrats in congress needs to be to do whatever it takes to get donald trump out of office!  But first they need to stop him from building that racist wall!!!!!  Walls worked good way back in the 1800s, but this is the 20th century and walls are no longer needed!!!!!
You must love your Electoral College :)
Wasn't it a couple months ago it was a national emergency humanitarian emergency we were a Hitler Nation Nazis separating children what's going on on our border now it's not an emergency it's just a thing
A national emergency, which he didn't need to declare it, because it's not really a national emergency. He just shot down his own argument. Any court will see this statement and say, you yourself, said it's not really an emergency.
How do you know when the media is biased and pushing a knowingly false (fake) narrative?
Disinformation campaign designed to buy ‘them’ more time by attempting to ‘con’ enough people in order to remove the duly elected POTUS in order to ‘save’ themselves from prosecution. 
Enemy of the People. 
PAIN IS COMING. 
Sit back and enjoy the show.
There are no words to describe how dim, mentally unstable and immature Trump is. HE MUST BE REMOVED!
Trump's Stupidity is completely on display for all to see
impeach that clown!!!
Russia's mission is to divide to conquer Americans as ''believers and ''heathen''.
Did I just hear this American President say, to paraphrase, I didn’t need to call 911 to   declare an national emergency for immediate help or rescue, it’s just a faster way to get help…? And should this be taught in public schools to children that might be experiencing a tough homework assignment? Raise your right hand if your answer is yes…
Just a reminder: Brian Williams lied about that whole "Iraq/helicopter attack" thing. 
 It's not really relevant to this story, except to remind everyone that Brian Williams has absolutely zero credibility. :/
(rubbing chin thoughtfully)  Hmmm.... you know what?  I'm starting to think that our president is,  somehow, maybe not so talented at leadership.
Trump 2020
It's a plus when the POStus is as dumb as a rock.
you all hear that trumpettes, there is no crisis no emergency or whatsoever..
Quit drinking the Kool-Aid dip shitz
The Shepherd Boy & the Wolf

A Shepherd Boy tended his master's Sheep near a dark forest not far from the village. Soon he found life in the pasture very dull. All he could do to amuse himself was to talk to his dog or play on his shepherd's pipe.

.
One day as he sat watching the Sheep and the quiet forest, and thinking what he would do should he see a Wolf, he thought of a plan to amuse himself.

His Master had told him to call for help should a Wolf attack the flock, and the Villagers would drive it away. So now, though he had not seen anything that even looked like a Wolf, he ran toward the village shouting at the top of his voice, "Wolf! Wolf!"

As he expected, the Villagers who heard the cry dropped their work and ran in great excitement to the pasture. But when they got there they found the Boy doubled up with laughter at the trick he had played on them.

A few days later the Shepherd Boy again shouted, "Wolf! Wolf!" Again the Villagers ran to help him, only to be laughed at again.

Then one evening as the sun was setting behind the forest and the shadows were creeping out over the pasture, a Wolf really did spring from the underbrush and fall upon the Sheep.

In terror the Boy ran toward the village shouting "Wolf! Wolf!" But though the Villagers heard the cry, they did not run to help him as they had before. "He cannot fool us again," they said.

The Wolf killed a great many of the Boy's sheep and then slipped away into the forest.

Liars are not believed even when they speak the truth.
This baffoon 's only escape is holding on to the tiger's tail cos once he lets go, he is dead meat!
We have a kid for president
Mitch McConnell is an evil turtle-man!
How can a president abandon the nation in a national emergency?
Has anyone ever considered that Trump might have found a loophole to get "certain" contractors he has used to receive government funding to do the 
wall construction, then he could skim some profits for himself? A "National Emergency" removes the need for competitive bidding on this construction. 
And, we know that the "emoluments" clause has the legal strength of wet toilet paper. :-(
May 21st and November 5th, 2019 - our next election dates. Make sure you vote and generate as many votes that you can. GOP must be voted out at every level of government!!! No apologies.
Hello🤚🐱😀😊
the stupid...
is getting ridiculous...
Trump:  "I don't have to do this for the election.  I have already done a lot of wall."  A sincere thank you for the honesty Mr President.  And lol at your breach of leadership kayfabe.  True, the show must go on ... but we are about to go full improv as the young Progressives take the stage.
Remember when Regan shamed the communists for their wall, "Mr. Gorbachev tear down that wall".
He makes America ridiculous again ...
Like a child, Trump was taught the processes as a song, so he could remember it and he sang it like a song bird.
"Here's the handgun you requested, Mr. President. Just be careful not to shoot yourself in the foot."
immediately shoots himself in the foot
...and IT(tRumpf)'ll call it a "bad ruling" LOOOOOOOOOOOOL impeach the dotard.
NO POWER
Humpty Dumpy sat on a wall.....
Truth from a nursery rhyme.
Does this sound familiar?  Early signs of dementia  -  


Subtle short-term memory changes. Trouble with memory can be an early symptom of dementia. ...
Difficulty finding the right words. ...
Changes in mood. ...
Apathy. ...
Difficulty completing normal tasks. ...
Confusion. ...
Difficulty following storylines. ...
A failing sense of direction.
trump is really Borat
Dude... you did Zero wall hahaha
The Madman occupying the WH is the national emergency.
An obvious possible difference of opinion of use of words national emergency security.  Instead of something significantly, immediately pressing, Trump might think of this as a continual ongoing crisis , evaluated in annual accumulated terms to persistently keep resolutely moving ahead, regardless of opposition and obstructions.  It is hard to fight on all fronts at once.  Like the old Aesop fable of the tortoise and the hare, Trumps real supporters anticipate eventual win.
Trumps next move is lock himself in the oval office with 2 years worth of hamburders.
What Trump was doing there with that cadence is called, "up talking" and was very popular in the 1980's in San Fernando valley in CA otherwise being popularized by "Valley Girls". So our president is a Valley Girl.
The president is fake so he might as well have his fake emergency.
So it's a National emergency but Trump didn't need to act quickly?  When Trump's hair is on fire I'll tell the Fire Department they don't need to respond quickly as it's not necessary.
"off the rails..".....How about 'over the hill and into the trees.?" We really have entered some kind of alternate Universe....
He knows there is no emergency. He just wants to satisfy his base so he can say, I tried but the Democrats.
We have to create new words to describe Trump's level of stupidity because none of the current words are strong enough.
OMG.  He has lost his mind - what little bit he had.
Makes sense, He and his supporters do talk like each other.  What a bunch of imbeciles.
Russia must really need that money!
Trump is one sick person. That whole nonsense rambling raising pitch at the end like 10 times was true senile behavior. Trump is the national emergency, we have a crazy con man in the white house.
Tyranny.
TRUMP voters are mainly angry, nostalgic, white males who are TOTALLY misinformed. This group has proven to be large enough to be able to steer the US on a really dangerous path.

This fact is even more scary than this Presidency itself ...
He knew it would go through the courts for years , that way he can tell his racist base that it's not his fault the wall won't get built.
I believe we need sufficiently effective border security/walls/barriers, however, I also believe, . . . "If" President Trump sincerely wanted a solution to the vast majority of the USA illegal immigration problems, he would give a direct order to the head of the US Department of Justice, to have arrested, and prosecuted, all those involved in harboring illegal aliens per “8 U.S. Code § 1324 - Bringing in and harboring certain aliens.” 

 

 

 
His logic about proper time & place to use necessary tools is equal to using his wife's washing machine to mix concrete . . You CAN do it but that does not mean you should.. 🙄🙄🙄
Tsk..and.. looks like he and Anne Coulter are no longer 'a couple'.
Oh my, what nightmare - when is it over?????
You mean Brett Kavanaugh
The first thing the next President should do is to declare a National Emergency citing a certain State propaganda news channel as a danger to society and shut the Fox up!
sniff sniff, our little boy trump is growing up,, he's learning how laws work one mistake at a time
It's crazy, Trump sounds like one of these videos where they turn someone talking into a song by using auto tune.
Ego, money and dicxtatorship. Trump is used to telling other people to commit his crimes against Life. (see; Mafia)
he's doing this for a political reason. 2020 is the only reason they are talking about this and he's doing it for the election... huh...   Well not a national emergency but a political emergency for his re election I suppose...  He spends more time on being re elected than what he does actually working .. huh and duh..  Good luck GOP seriously..
What is with the sing song
Trumpty-Dumpty had a great fall... again.
AT THIS POINT we are just mocking a severely mentally disabled person..............  




"“I didn’t need to do this"  hahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhhaha
He sounds like a teenage girl 👧 who is singing her boyfriend.
Sophomoric logic strikes again!
Mexico does not want a wall. So why would Mexico want to pay for that stupid wall. It's not an emergency🤦‍♀️. Other political topics are in need for those billions. Why is Trump so thirsty for Money 🤑. What's Trump's true "agenda" 🤔for those billions or for that wall?⛑🤐😱🧟‍♀️
Where will Trump be in 2020; locked up in prison, locked on a psych unit, or in a nursing home ?
Are they hiring Watchers On The Waall?
A man child  😂
2 talk show hosts - Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh are advising how POTUS runs the country. CRAZY ! Just blabbing n gossiping won't do but what are their highest educational level ?  Have they gone through universities at all ?
I didnt need to do this. I wanted to do this before the next election..
Let me start by saying I'm not an American, so my view on what's happening in America is seen from an outsider's perspective.
Having said that, I have family in the States and visit on a regular basis, so I do have a basic understanding of how your political system works [or used to.] I have to say that from an outsider's view, President Trump is a walking disaster for your Constitution, and is viewed as a joke by most nations in the world. His unpredictability  and knee-jerk policy decisions have managed to reduce America's sphere of influence and has severely reduced the credibility of America to the rest of the world.
 This latest move just reinforces our opinion that he has no idea what he's doing, and the only way you can "Make America Great Again" is to get rid of him.
Good luck America, you're going to need it!
And despite the stupidity of Trump, he'll win in 2020 by saying he is against abortion. He knows he has this polarising issue, GOP knows this.
Hi Brian.👋.
Exceptional reporting, Brian.👍👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏.
Keep on digging, Brian.👍.
👉👉Patience democrats, patience.👍.
Mr. President, I know that I speak for every citizen of this country, all 100% of our citizens, when I say: THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU’VE DONE FOR US. Thank you for the jobs, the security, the strength, leadership and courage you show everyday.  Thank you being real with us. Thank you for giving us the hard truth even when we don’t want to hear it. You’ve been like a father to us all. Like a loving caring parent to the whole nation. We will follow you until the end. We love you Sir. We thank you.  We will strive to succeed as nation. We will make you proud!
trump is so far out of his depth it is simply staggering. That people support someone who is clearly a pathological liar, and so utterly incompetent doesn't speak well about the USA. Just boggles my mind that a low class, grifting, used car salesmen sack of dung could become president.
My company hired 30 new people last year because of Trumps policy. I guess people need to complain about something or make up a Russian conspiracy. Either way, my boss says we'll hire another 15 people this year since our manufacturing is doing so well.
Well, there's a surprise: Trump describing how he will loose time after time in front of the courts and thinks his appointees in the Surpreme Court will help him and ultimately overthrow the rulings of the lower courts. 
Typical Trump tactics: first you do everything to try and stack the deck in your favour and then you play the tough guy, essentially saying "let them come at me, I will ultimately defeat them" trusting Gorsuch and Kavanaugh will save him.
If I were Trump, I would be so embarrassed by my performance I would resign and run away to Mar-a-loco to hide.
Americans have a dictator for president. What happening to your country. Mafioso took control of the gouvernement.
Start calling Congress about Trump's National Emergency.  I was sent this as a guide to what to Say: As a constituent I am deeply concerned by the president’s decision to declare a state of emergency. There is no national emergency on the southern border—especially that will be solved by a wall. The real national emergency is the president of the United States. His action are an alarming abuse of executive power and an executive overreach that disrespects and circumvents your authority as a member of Congress over public spending decisions. As a member of Congress you must treat this as what it is — an unconstitutional action and dangerous precedent. You must respond not as members of a particular party, but as an elected representative of the people, charged to govern and protect the citizens of this nation, maintain the carefully created balance of power between the three branches of the federal government, uphold the rule of law; and to “support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic,” as you agreed to in your oath of office. I am calling to urge you to support a joint resolution of disapproval against the president’s declaration of a state of emergency.”
And this is why having him as presidents has been the nation's worst, a spoiled childish brat that always grew up getting his way because he's a spoiled fkn brat, smh what a fkn goof.. does he not know that most drugs come into the country via ports smh.. he is so fkn irrational..always trying to abuse his power and just be he's president he wants to do anything and everything he pleases.. he solves one problem by creating another problem and so on and so forth.. next we'll see him pouting and crying rolling around on the floor on national television like a fkn spoiled brat whose mom didn't wanna buy em a toy at the store..  unfknbelieveable. ...
everyone who bought trumps book "the art of the deal" has a right to get their money back. For sure. its proven dozens of times within the last 2 years that Trump is everything, but certainly not a deal maker. hahahhahah
‪Trump to Base-Did you see the way I sucked up to William Barr the new Attorney General after I declared a National Emergency. The Mueller report will never see the light of day if he got my clear message to be as loyal to me as Whitaker. My criminality will never be disclosed.‬
Trump is going to make history ......... 





1st president to declare a bogus emergency..........1st president to have all his election team charged and jailed .........1st president sell out to Russia and last but not lest the 3rd president impeached .......go trump go...... oh almost forgot the dumbest man to hold down the office as president
Trump knows that there is mounting irrefutable evidence of criminal behavior against him ...so like all smart criminals and at least one mafia Don figured out  ... Trump and his Spin Doctors are working a strategy of making progressively more and more crazy comments ...so that when this all comes out ... Trumps Lawyers will say the Stress of dealing with the Office has unhinged Trump ...and offer a Plea of Insanity.... which will keep him out of court
You can really see how Dumb Americans are in the comments on these Videos ..and the Press isn't much better either...
People in this Dumb Country act as though big businessmen and Scum like Trump just say and do things all by themselves ...rather than act like informed Adults who know Trumps Lawyers and Spin Doctors discuss with him what he should say and do to deflect attention away from his criminal activity... 
Because you are such a DUMB Country...populated by morons who automatically think Mueller is going to bring down Trump..and act as though Trump is just some Dummy ,too stupid to actually have a plan to hustle the public ...you really deserve Donald Trump as your president
Does Trump know what cameras are?
Trump is looked upon as someone undermining World Peace and order more then Vladimir Putin by all of our Allies that have stood side by side with America for the past century !!
The Supreme Court rewrote the ban to pass and he claims a win typical baby trump
This silly. This goes directly against the constitution. Take it right to the Supreme Court. Let them decide right now if we are a democracy or a tyranny. Then we the people can respond quickly to resolve the issue if they don’t.
Gee he speaks well...not embrassing at all.😕😝
Congress needs to submit "Resolution of Disapproval" ... put a complete stop to his declaration!    When you hear Emily, I don't believe she's correct in saying Trump would "veto the resolution."  
The way it's been explained; House or Senate initiates the ROD, then both House and Senate has to vote. Yea's stop the "declaration" dead in it's tracks!  No Executive action required.
FDT~YG
FEAR NOT AMERICA
DONALD TRUMP IS HIS OWN WORST ENEMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND SOON VERY SOON HE WILL SELF DESTRUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ALL ROADS LEAD TO PRESIDENT CHICKENSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!
If this ends in front of the Supreme Court; his press conference could be used as evidence of intent I.e. the declaration was simply a tool to get money Congress wouldn't give him.  You will I suspect hear either Gorsuch or Kavanagh opine that “We cannot read anything into a President’s words only their actions.” I.e. if the President has the right to declare a National Emergency then he should be able to speak freely (even if the verbalized intentions are deemed unconstitutional). They did this for his "Muslim ban" and they may do the same here.
dumppturds need to realize is is TOO late for “their wall”...”should”
have been built over 30 yrs ago…..don’t you see signs, packaging,
directions, government notices, bathroom signs, product directions,
translators in public services, menus, etc...ALREADY written in
Spanish????...give it up idiots...American has ALREADY turned
“brown”….embrace it!!!!
He said if polosi and Shumer didn't want to keep the human trafficking and drugs and illegal immigrants coming into the country. The Democratic Party is the political wing of the drug cartels.
Haha!  Sorry y'all, I know its not a funny matter, but its just that this is so Trump.  Anyone who's been seeing Trump pop up in the news from time to time over the years, and I can't stand him for screwing up the USFL, and watching the shameful scandals of his multiple affairs and divorces and multiple bankruptcies and failed businesses, knows that this is how The Donald behaves.  What is amazing is that enough people were conned into voting for him. They must have believed The Apprentice was real, lol.
.... a FOOL shooting himself in his foot with his own gun. Stupidity at its best!
I didn't realize until today that Donald Trump is serving the Party of Hannity and not the American people. If I were a Senator or Congress PERSON I would be insulted that Donald Trump believes that you are IGNORANT, UNEDUCATED PEOPLE. THAT POOTIN HAS BETTER IDEAS AND THAT FOX AND FRIENDS ARE HIS BEST SOURCES FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INTELLIGENCE NOT YOU. HOW DEGRADING FOR YOU THE ELECTED OFFICIALS OF A STILL FREE NATION.
STOP DONALD TRUMP
Trump is a joke.
Wow Trump is reaaaally desperate to win back Ann Coulter with this stunt.
Can't get Americans out of poverty or lower class . 20 million people in the United States not documented or imigrats that want us citizenship or don't. building inside your core for stability and as a hole needs to be established as one .all countries need to build there core and economic value.
Trump has sucked the media in again, and has changed the narrative from the real national emergency! trump. And it reminds me that we don’t hear much about organize crime in the county, because it’s all in Washington.  we watch it play out daily in the media and it’s not obvious to those reporting or commentating on it, they just haven’t figured it out and keep playing his game he loves the ratings good or bad, it makes it hard to drain a swamp when the attorneys/politicians are the swamp that make the rules
Did anyone else notice he brought up the 2020 election in the press conference?  He admitted his entire motivation is his own re-election.  Selfish egotistic man puts his own re-election above the American people.  He is morally unfit for the office he is holding.  I want to see him and his entire Administration go down in flames.
If trump really wants the wall, why doesn't he put a 1 billion down payment for the wall.
It's time for Americans to declare war on the freak show called trump.
Tf
The biggest issue here is that Trump declared an emergency over a building project that Congress already refused. No matter what the rationale may be, a President cannot claim emergency powers in order to spend money on something that Congress already voted on and said no. There's no judge in the country that would allow Trump to do this.
I'm a Republican and ASHAMED of this man!
I'm tired of Trump's dorking around. If he appropriated money from his secret service protection and his personal fortune (he's REALLY rich, he says so all the time) into this vanity project I doubt there would be so much complaining. He could even use illegal migrants and save money just like he has for every other real estate venture he's been involved with.
Why does he talk like this whats wrong with this guy? Wow
Putin's Pet Pig is showing signs of wear and tear on the job even though he doesn't do any work in the WH. In the last two years he's gotten fatter and crazier and with Alzheimer in his family's history, I'd say he'll be in a nursing home before the 2020 elections, that is.....IF we are lucky.
If this is how Trump misappropriated funds from his own empire, what makes others think that he would not apply the same method to Americans hard earned tax dollars? He does not contribute to any funds in the country by way of paying his taxes, so he will never understand how best to manage it. At this rate, and if allowed to get away with this, he would surely bankrupt the country, the way he has done to most of his business.
Can 2020 get here any sooner 😒
Why does he talk like a child telling people what they did at school today?
How many lawsuits does Trump face now?
This is what happens when bullies go unchecked
COLLECTIVE PUNISHMENT!   Message to MAGA Angel Moms Blinded in Hate and Delusions and will to destroy America!
I'm sorry for your loss but don't let politicians or Trump use your tragedy to benefit their cause. This type of reporting abuse is using your tears to generate hate.  Collective punishment is when the acts of 1 person represents their whole race or religion. If that is the case then COLLECTIVE PUNISHMENT should be applied here;  James Holmes, Colorado movie theater gunman; Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza;
Paddock, Las Vagus Country Concert Killer,  64-year-old WHITE man from Mesquite, Nevada, fired more than 1,100 rounds from his suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, killing 58 people and leaving 851 injured – over 400 of them by gunfire and hundreds more in the ensuing panic. The shooting occurred between  and 10:15 p.m. PDT; about an hour later, Paddock was found dead in his room from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. His motive remains unknown.
etc.
EMERGENCY? Really...TRUMP'S playing GOLF & PENCE is trying to get a CLAP
President Trump should have the Wall built, then fine the people who don't like it $800 each. You know like obama did with obamaCare?
Trump is not the brightest star in the universe. He just said he didn’t need to do this. Did he not think that the opposition lawyers would use this against him in the court case challenging his emergency declaration. For crying out loud, Trump is totally incompetent in everything he does. It is getting harder and harder to support this clown yet his base desperately clings to him. Trump and his die hard Republican supporters have to go. This type of government has to end.
This man thinks being President is a joke. You are allowing this man to laugh your country into disaster.
He played the " Trump " card!
Trump 2020
He sounds like a 2 year old 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
A great deal maker!
Why does Trump sound like a 6-year-old giving Santa his wish list?
EL!CHAPO just mentioned names Big names on the left HIllary cl Nancy P, Adam s and many others, no wonder the left want open border they need it for DRUG RUNNING,  ✝️✝️.    14 Billion.  Maybe Mexico is paying for the wall. El CHAPO got it from Americans ✝️✝️
Thought he got elected on his promise Mexico would pay. ?? There wont be a fence. Gate . Wall. Barrier etc. He might get a few traffic cones and a chalk line like a football field. If you voted and believed. My condolences to your kids. You're already gone
Trump is the Winston Churchill of our time.
Is trump trying to talk like an seo expert to get more hits? Does he not realize seo isn't used on live TV.
I have a family living near me who immigrated here from Honduras last year.  We thought, oh no this is bad.  But no, they opened up their own metal fabricating business.  Most of what the father does is make new metal parts for old cars and turcks.  From what we see, these people are coming here to work, raise their families, and be our neighbors!  Immigration seems to be bringing along with it new innovations, new ways to get things done, and make America better!!!!  What trump is doing to these people is nothing short of criminal!!!!!!  ANYBODY BUT DONALD TRUMP----2020!!!!!!!!!  Maybe America is smarting up and will elect a "DEMOCRAT" president next time.
Whadda mean "...to be fair, Mexico was supposed to pay for [the wall]"? Trump said he'd get Mexico to pay for it...Mexico never said it would. Just another Trump lie and waste of taxpayers' time and money while he creates ways to embroil Congress and prevent them from doing their jobs moving forward.
Good News !
what is truly stunning to me is 1/3 of the population of America believes this fool is capable of leading their country, dumbasfuck
He will be fired by his real employers if he doesn't stop going off script. How hard is it to read the teleprompter? Too hard for the Big Don. The Biggest Don of all. All lies all the time! Distraction from MSM every day, all Trump all the time, while the country is destroyed. The USA was taken over by a criminal cabal that is destroying the country. Not one thing has been done about Trump. He is not a President. He is an agent of the Plutocracy destroying the country.  Trump has declared a fake national emergency, and nothing will be done about it. But it really says the country is unable to take care of itself and must be rescued by our hero, Trump. Trump has taken over the country, dictator for life, and no one will do anything about it.
Wish he'd hurry and drain the swamp including this station and other MSM who spew propaganda. The pedophiles are terrified and are salivating at the mouth thinking now they have ammunition to impeach him. If so called news did not have Trump what would they have to report on? MSNBC is fake news and enemy of the people. Please people wake up.
No fake news comments from trumpretards.....I guess they are busy erasing the last 2 years comments they put out, not to be pointed as the idiots that supported trump
He should declare a National Emergency on propaganda news channels owned by the DNC
I didn't hear him say its not a national emergency..not once..nice try though.😂😂😂
Trump just declared a waste of taxpayers’ money at every level of government on lawsuits - so he can look more stupid than he already is.
You folks must hate your fellow Americans and those being trafficked, drug mules, kids, and Women. American are dying and illegal are dying, don’t you care about those lives.
He is so dumb that he just doesn't understand that an emergency needs response NOW. If you don't need to respond at once then it is not an emergency. You know this, I know this, why are there people so stupid that they can't grasp an obvious fact?
Trump, if you had any sense, you would let people write your script. And then, you stick to the script. That moment you have this idea of going off script, thinking you are so much smarter than everyone else, is when you simply f*** up. You should have just stuck to The apprentice, where you sit and nod, and say " You're fired. " Simple is the only thing that would work for you. Complications, is simply put a landslide in your head.
Trump was able to manipulate and excersise his narcissism in his private life but will not be tolerated much longer on the grander scale as President. There will be a time when even his supporters and the GOP will recognize he is seriously mentally ill, and a serious danger to law, order, justice and the security of not only America, but the World..He is the most dangerous man on Earth at the moment, and should be considered and treated as such.
Gross
Trump the Trap Setter!   Lol 😂 he always wins at the end.
He only knows how to win people i know it hurts some of you.
MSNBC is a joke
Lets do the math...8billon dor 2000miles is 4million a mile, 1 million per quarter mile!  We need bookkeepers to abate cleptocrats.
Today I spoke with a woman whose Aunt has 1 house in El Paso and 1 in Juarez, and my first thought is "she can cross to Mexico & get affordable healthcare." We're becoming a banana republic. China is putting a solar power station in orbit and we're debating whether 80 deg F in Feb. is normal or whether maybe sometimes it should be cold. BANANA. REPUBLIC.
Guy is more intelligent than people think. He's not a billionaire for no reason
White House staff should resign en bloc, since they are unable to stop Trump from for acting above the law and constitution with his latest executive order ! Maybe,like Republican lawmakers,they need to secure their positions to support him at all costs !
Thank God he finally did it democrates wanted to laugh him off and p**sy foot around about it and now he did it so they only have them selves to blame democrates are useless
Dems asked for it
Another lawsuit coming to stop trump national emergency. Trump will win. the wall will be built... The bill was a joke. Physical proof the democrats don't care about daca or the security of our country
Good job trump we’re behind you
MSNBC will spin anything to satisfy its airhead base.
Long live Trump !
It is a emergency  he's not going to wait any longer   Tired of the socialists game  the law is on his side!!!
Do it Trump. DO IT. You are the POTUS and the SCOTUS will uphold it. Just like the Muslim ban.
intersting stuff
Obama declared State of Emergency to: 

Aid Yemen
Aid Ukraine 
Aid Burundi 
Aid Somalia
Aid Venezuela 
Aid Sudan
Aid Africa
And 6 others 

Trump declares a state of emergency to Aid America. They call Trump crazy.
Trump Trump trump
🍿👌😊
Satan, Pelosi and Schumer are determined to stop the building of a border wall that would repel the drug runners from bringing heroin and fentanyl into our country that addicts and kills our children.
This is the first time I've witnessed Trump screw up and I give him a pass. Obama lied all day, every day for eight years. He also signed into law that due process has been done away with.
This bill stipulates where Trump can or cannot build a wall with the money ALLOCATED BY THIS SPECIFIC SPENDING BILL.Only this money appropriated by the bill is subject to these restrictions as laid out by the bill.

By declaring a National Emergency,any funds appropriated from other sources is completely OUTSIDE of the bills parameters and restrictions.Thereby meaning money that is reallocated elsewhere CAN BE USED to build walls WHEREVER President Trupm wants.

The bill does  NOTHING TO STOP Trump from using his presidential powers under a NATIONAL EMERGENCY declaration to appropriate money BY HIMSELF from the defense budget,this money can be spent anywhere POTUS desires. Completely getting around restrictions.President Trump can build walls elsewhere for the next 7 months ( when bill expires)  and THEN return to build the walls in "restricted areas" after  the stipulations expire.

We have a GENIUS POTUS!
Barack Obama signed a national emergency aimed at blocking people’s property from being contributed to Ukraine. Imagine that. Obama was so much of a Putin puppet that he signs a national emergency helping Russia.
They would have given him 25Bill had he let illegal immigrants have a path to citizenship. Democrats priorities. Illegal aliens. Lol
The next national emergency should involve cracking down on fake news outlets like msnbc (which is the worst offender).
When Trump opens his mouth, he usually spews garbage.  This time his garbage is an epicurean delight.
How dare president Trump try to keep illegals, gangs and terrorists out of America!! We're liberals and we know whats best
MAGA  .2020...LANDSLIDE!   BANK ON IT, SUCKERS!......HAHA
IF it is not an emergency... then why did Democrats give 1.3 Billion for a not-emergency Wall + more money than Trump knows what to do with for other Border stuff? That would make Democrats bad stewards of Taxpayers' Dollars, given that everything at the Border is hunky dory, already... right? It would appear that Democrats just don't want to 'fund' Trump's campaign promise, knowing that a Wall of any kind would work, and make Democrats look like liars. Prove that Walls don't work, I'm willing to believe ya. What works too well is America's social welfare services being depleted for foreigners (US Unfunded Liabilities currently more than $122 Trillion in debt). The Wall is starting to look like a bargain!
You can’t reason with brainwashed leftists who are nothing but sheep to the system.
I wonder how many more tax dollars spent on ileagles,  crime and murders of the American people are willing to let happen.  If anyone want to help ileagles USE YOUR PRIVATE MONEY AND PRIVATE HOMES.  
All that is happening is the ileagles are costing Americans their liberty and taxes.
