This is a great tribute from a son to his father.  Much cleaner funeral without political stabbing at anyone.
I wasn't a supporter of Bush 43, but this was a very nice speech about his father. Well delivered, and heartfelt.. Jeb looks completely heartbroken.. My condolences to the Bush family..
Bill close your mouth
Well done, 43.
Never been a big fan of the Bush political family, but I think you’d have to be pretty cold to not feel some sympathy for George and his family losing their father so close to Christmas
Trump sitting next to all the people he wants to throw in prison 😅
Im not even a big fan of Bush but 12:06  breaks my heart 😪
At the end of life, we're all the same. Thank you for your service, 41st US President George H. W. Bush.
Gotta love our POTUS, He knows this is a bunch of BS!!! lolololol
Very touching and honoring. Teared up with GW at the end.
a son grieving the loss of a father😰 God rest his soul 🙏🏻💛
Man, who is running the camera board and why were there 4 closeups up the Clintons?
Hillary getting a glimpse into her future possibly?
Beautiful eulogy.  Rest In Peace, Boss.
A beautiful eulogy from one President to another, from a son to his father... 🇺🇸
By some comments I read.....  wow.

No matter who should be put in prison....   etc, .etc.    President Trump, how about unfolding your arms?
Watched the services from beginning to the hearse driving to Andrews.  Was touched by the speakers who were friends of Bush 41.  The somber tone was broken several times by stories of the late President that showed he indeed had a sense of humor and laughed and smiled.  When Bush 43 spoke I felt his loss and the pain in his heart as he finished his eulogy to his father.  Those that have typed words of hate and were glad he was dead had no place in the Cathedral today.  Today a man was honored for being a warrior, servant of the people and a father.
1:20 He chose the location just in case the chute didn't open. : )  G.W. Bush gave a good Eulogy. I like how he used humor to show how his father enjoyed life.
I'm 34, and I've been a life long liberal and voted Democrat my entire life. I disagreed with everything Bush Jr did as president and I have only vague memories of his father but I do remember thinking even as a kid that Bush Sr was a composed and well measured man who seemed like he had a decent man's character...

Now that George W Bush is out of office and I'm older my personal feelings about him have changed a lot, I still hate a lot of the choices he made and policy he enacted but, he seems to be a warm and caring individual who does carry him self with dignity and composure like his father and watching him, speak with the most heartful respect and admiration about his dad, especially after losing my own this year..... I get tear filled eyes and I just wanted to say that I've developed a new sense of respect and admiration for him now. God bless their family and god bless this country that contains people of such character.
Not seeing Hinckley in the audience?
Shed a couple of tears watching this. As a son who loves his father, Its a speech I dont ever look forward to making.
I did not have sexual relations with Andy B's dog..



- Frank King 2018
Dünyayı yönetebilirsiniz ama ölüme çare bulamazsın. Amina kodumun sık kafalılar.
God bless you, Bush Family. Thank you for your service and what you did for our country, George H. W. Bush!
Beautiful eulogy from 43. RIP 41, & I thank you & thank God for your service. This week has reminded me that I can be a better man & servant. Unlike McCain's funeral, which did nothing for me, especially since Meg used it as a small violin to take jabs @ Ivanka & Jared regarding our President.
Closed casket... Just like McCain. Rest in Gitmo.
um who allowed the towers to fall?? and your praising this man? then yall are as tratoristic as them!!
Lived a principle centered life, our Country was blessed to have him.
Wonderful eulogy, President Bush.
Beautiful tribute! Definitely got me teary
"what is this thousand lights business" - Donald J Trump
What a great tribute rip mr bush 🇺🇸
I never looked at Bush sr or politicians the same after I found out what I found out!!!
A beautiful eulogy. Well done.
Hillary and Bill: You are Next.
EAGLE FLYING HIGH-GOD BLESS YOU,GOD SPEED" BARBARA WILL BE WAITING WITH OPEN ARMS
GOD BLESS President BUSH FAMILY 
God Bless America
"On behalf of my family and I, we really apprecificate you for being here"..(Sorry, just had too..)
That was pretty powerful delivery from George W.
Absolutely heart felt from a son to his father.
God has a special place in Hades for this man George Herbert Walker Bush
LOL! At 4:46 you can see Slick Willy laughing when Dubya said "ladies of the night!" 🤣
Simply beautiful mr president 43. Simply beautiful.  No matter what your politics are in this world you can’t deny how beautiful this was
God Bless the Bush family in their time of sorrow🙏🏻🇺🇸
Gladly trade GB to get JFK back.
Sad I'll pray for your peace.
12:08 everyone loves their daddy!
😔😞😭
George your father was a Wonderful President of The United States of America. His legacy will not be forgotten but cherished for ever
this guy should be glad he's still alive after hunting fictional weapons of mass-destruction.
his time will come.
A fine tribute.  It reminds me of why I voted for him.
Just look at that smug narcissistic SOB Barack Odumbo sitting there with that dictator look on his face!
God bless you GW. Beautiful words for your father, a good man. RIP George H. W.
Superbly well done!  No father could ask for greater courage, greater dignity than was shown here by a dutiful and loving son.
amazing speech
You are a beautiful man W.
I'm surprised he held it until the end. See you on the other side George.
If these living Presidents could turn to the media in one, even voice and say: "Stop attacking one another and our beloved and blessed nation." I believe that powerful pronouncement would have an effect on all the madness in our daily life.
Thank you George H W Bush for bearing the weight of the world on your shoulders for four years for us. God Bless and good bye sir. RIP.
Obama and trump must of had an akward handshake loll
I doubt very seriously he is in Heaven.  I hope the Criminal made his peace with GOD, but usually Luciferians don't change.  "NWO"!!!!!!!!!
I can't stomach vegetables either.
Broke me down. I love the 43rd. Seeing him break down broke me down, too. May Lord Jesus comfort you all!
the real story of George Bush senior who had to deal with the globalists
Clinton look stoned out of his mind.
Hope you join him soon,  traitor
That man has been through a lot as president and son he knows how to speak. History will long remember this as it does with all the great speakers.
Great. Mr Bush. May Almighty rest the departed soul in peace and grant you strength to bear this enormous loss. Ameen.  Great speech
I love you, too, Mr. President, as I did your Dad (& Reagan!!). For me, you were the Great Comforter of our nation in the face of 911 & a new century.





You may quote me, sir.
(You had the prettiest First Lady as well!!)

Time & Wisdom must bring our Party together. Also our nation.
Even though I wasn't a Bush fan, that took guts. Well said George W. Bush.
Thank you George for the beautiful eulogy. God bless you sir and may your father rest in peace.
Should have buried him under GITMO
I know a lot of people thought of George W. as a goofball, but this was an excellent eulogy. He has always had a great sense of humor.
i pray for the family may they find comfort in this exstreamly sad time
Pres. George HW Bush and Barbara left the legacy of our 2nd Pres., John and Abigail Adams, in American history.
10: 36 was that a swipe at Trump?
Old pappy said he wanted a bigger funeral than that sumbitch McCain got. For a while there one would think it was as big as the Macys TG parade. 
j
Melania looks quality 👍🏻
BUBBYE!! TO BAD THE REST DIDNT FOLLOW!!
I don't particularly fancy politicians but as a human being feeling for another human being, I cried with him..
That was wonderful, touching and often funny. God bless George. H.W. Bush, and his family.
Beautiful eulogy he gave about his father, heart breaking to see a man lose his father and cry! When it's your time it's your time to go. He lived a long fruitful live!!
Class Act ..
Bush family, the family who got us in needless wars costing trillions of dollats and so many lives.
The NWO elite is in the house.
43 trying hard not to shed a tear. Contagious.
Incredibly well spoken and well said.  An incredible eulogy for an incredible man and president ❤️🙏
Amen. God rest his soul. My prayers to the family.
God Bless the Bushes and give them comfort and strength in their time of mourning. Amen
Well written and well said. Peace. The WWII Generation is almost gone. And, with it the wisdom of that generation.
I enjoyed the service except for the constant camera focus on the Clintons and obamas. And this was on Fox stream. Bill Clintons mouth is always hanging open every time you see him. Mother always said don’t sit with your mouth hanging open you might catch a fly.
One war criminal says farewell to another war criminal. Im saddened that Bush sir didn't liver long enough to be hung for war crimes. Hopefully Bush jr will will be hung twice for good measure
Respect ...Watched this Live in the UK ..very moving and emotional..well done Sir..George Bush Jnr.
sooooo many criminals under one roof !
That was a very good eulogy
Mass murdering war criminals
The best good by speech ive ever heard.
Well done Sir. Your Father would be very proud of you
Those last few seconds - wow
Is there and 💀 and 🦴 speakers?
3:15 Always the consummate mouth breather.
Gloablist warmongerers! Good riddance to the old GOP. Long live Trump!
And GW just made his first hole in one after golfing his whole life, love him or hate him,  his dads watching out:)
Thank you Bush 41 for your trail. Thank you for much more than you could have possibly dreamed, especially in relationship to President Trump.
RESPECT, AND GREAT SPEECH
AMERICA PRAYS FOR THE REMEMBERED SPIRIT AND
DEPARTED....
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT BUSH RIP. 
BLESSINGS TO THE BUSH FAMILY. 
GOD BLESS AMERICAN TRADITION... WE REMAIN A 
BETTER AMERICA BECAUSE OF 
PRESIDENT BUSH RIP...
I like how fox titled the video appropriately, unlike CNN who went for a clickbait title and monetized the video
A great man, I pray those who choose to use this time to criticize with 0 facts will find peace in their hateful lives.
SO much respect. RIP Mr President.
1 DOWN THOUSANDS TO GO!!
Dear President George Bush, We , the American citizens, are standing with you and all your wonderful family members!   I know the loss of a beloved father,  but your Holy God will never forsake you or leave you! Just know that your American Family stands with you all!  Sir, we will all be reunited sooner than we think! May the love and power of the Holy Spirit be a constant guide and comforter to you and your entire family!! Our loss, but Heaven's Gain!!   Best wishes from an American Patriot!!
he did a great job, very difficult to do during grief.
Well done, Mr. President.
Skull and bones
Can you imagine the security at that place today?
He did really well
God bless!!
Thats a beautiful eulogy. Well spoken President Bush Jnr. RIP President Bush Snr.
Thank God this family is done in politics
This isn't about anything other than paying respect to a man who served his country....  That's his father and he is and was a well respected man..... Keep the ugliness out of this American man's services.... And just hope someday you are half as respected and no I'm not a fan... But I am an American with a heart that knows when to shut up and respect.... I thank you Mr President for all the ways you served and loved your country... Strength to your family and friends... RIP....
Now watch this drive
I have some ideological differences but this was beautiful. Love and strength, grace, honor. Why does it take the end of someone's life to express this love without reservation and share it with all. It touched my heart.
I hear W eulogize his Dad, think about my own father now in his 80s and wonder how I'm going to get through it with the same grace and gratitude I saw today, from a son who loved his Dad as much as I love mine.
May God have mercy on his soul.
Great job Mr. President.
Beautifully done.
Silence is golden.🙈🙉🙊
Come on Fox at least ABC showed him leaving the podium and going to his seat after his speech.
"Bush eulogizes his father as 'the brightest of
 "a thousand points of light"... (google Luciferien, Freemasonic "a thousand points of light")
..... Time for a second cup of COVFEFE!
I was watching it live, and I cried at 12:05. Rest In Peace George W. H. Bush.
Rest in peace President Bush. I had the distinct honor of serving under you while in the military. Fair winds and following seas sir.
I admire his strength 😟
OMG, what a wonderful eulogy.
Rest in peace?   Don't you guys believe in GOD?
I'm in tears. Cant even imagine what its like to loose both parents in the same year
Incredible eulogy, Mr. President. Your dad is proud.
I have something in my eye...
George HW Bush would be proud of the work Trump is doing bringing jobs to the working classes, lifting their standards of living, and delivering on Republican promises.
It's time to drop the hammer Trump
Not a finer group of con men and women sitting left of the President and Mrs. Trump!  Hey Jimmy, we are still waiting for the "cheap crude" you promised the lower 48 for support of your Alaskan pipeline.
MKultra , nothing more to say
Never thought of actually feel bad for GW Bush.
A Demon eulogizing his demon father.
Rest in Peace. We will never forget you
Good for GW.  Nice job...
Yeah....knowing what Poppy REALLY did makes me really want to cry!!!!!
What an amazingly beautiful eulogy.
I don’t think Bill Clinton’s nose works. He looks like he might be next, the way he’s breathing.
I remember the days when Dubya was president and to see this after the hate he got 15 years ago I feel so sorry for him. Obama and Trump are lucky that things like  Katrina, 9/11, a recession and entering into a new war never happened or have not happened so far in their presidencies. God bless America
VISA for Christian Countries (US, UK, Australia and Canada) are always desired by Arabic speaking people . But they talk bad and nonsense about Christian Countries and their leaders. 

Jealous , Aragant and stupid Arabic people ( Not all ).  They must know how to live peacefully before they preach about it.

They are not even satisfied after marrying 4 wife's ( Beast)
Pretty sad that Dubya sounds like a Rhodes scholar compared to the new guy. "Bing bing bong bong bing!"
It's great to see all these people together and not arguing and fighting.
That was truly beautiful
Would of been good timing for the Military police to come in and arrest them all on live television for treason
Bill's favourite part was when when George mentioned ladies of the night.
Everybody who dislikes this is a heartless and soulless human being
A FEW RED PILLS NEEDED
Rest in peace. 
12:06...ouch, that hurt to watch. :(
GREAT eulogy 43 👍👍☺👍👍
No one fits Her the original shoes A 8. Aww Ty Original
Beautiful tribute to his father.
The Russian Probe nothing 🍔 investigation has gone on longer than the 9/11 Investigation.
Mungu Awatangulie wote Tuna mkumbuka Mh George WH Bush kwa mengi mungu Amrehemu amina
Good on ya George you did good, dads head is held high as always 🙏👍🇱🇷
Bill had his happy pills.... He's fried...
I cried...
RIP 41
Shock & Awe!!!!
Bush Jr is funny
God bless TRUMP
These onions 😭
R.I.P potus 41
Vile creatures are in for a treat and I am not supposed to be happy about it. Hope you enjoy your trinkets! Lord protect me from that same temptation that those sell-outs could not resist.
3 Days of funeral broadcasting on a one term POS president. Bush wars killed more innocent people than any terrorist group.
999 left?
Prayers for the Bush family in their time of grief.
Beautiful.
Condolences  and condolence.
THIS SCUMBAG WILL HANG
12:00 :'(
Now watch this drive.
It was a touching tribute ... yet there are so many stories of atrocities Bush senior committed... at least it sounds like he was a decent father
What is Philip Seymour Hoffman doing there?
well done president Bush jr, i wish the best for you and your family during this tough time.
12:06 The saddest, most heartbreaking part of the whole eulogy. You will be missed George W. H. Bush. 😞
Serves you right losing someone close to you, after all those people you killed on 911  and in the middle east
It’s a son mourning his father, politics aside....great eulogy
Nicely written eulogy.
Hail Trump.
Hillary so terse and angry looking. So sad. She could heal her party if she would just accept the results of the 2016 election. She is the anger in thus country not Pres Trump.
Don't worry W you'll meet him in hell soon !
I listened. With respect. I do feel for this family and I will pray for them all. This is a time to put our nasty comments away. This tugs at your heart ... May God bring them closer to him.  All of us will have to stand up in front of our almighty God at the end of our lives.
Trump 2020
R.IP Mr Bush safe journey on behalf of millions of Somali people you have save from starvation I thank you
How can anyone give thumbs down to this?
Anyone who doesn't believe the Bush cartel was responsible for the 911 buildings coming down are living in a fantasy world!!
Irregardless of how phucked up the Bush family is with Globalism, open borders, wars to no where, and general arrogance and extreme stupidity. 
It was still a son’s love for his dad.
Beautiful and honoring.
It's been a week of tears.  But what a beautiful and touching eulogy.
Bill Clinton looks like he should be in a nursing home. What an embarrassment
The eulogy from a President to his father the President, well done...
Rip mr bush and may god always be with your family and friends
Nice eulogy from Jr to Sr Bush...
Beautifully done
rip thank you.
Gd I miss president bush
No Trump bashing. Thanks God !
A son saying goodbye to his father. with love ❤ president to president  or not. It's still love
Beautiful
RIP Mr. Bush
I really am broken hearted for them, they sure were close.... as a parent it brings tears. I pray me and my kids are this close! He was an amazing man and raised a amazing legacy... a good family man, may he Rest In Peace and thanks for your service! My condolences!
The 1st time that a President has given a eulogy for a President that is and was his father.
God bless the Bush family. The real meaning of an American Family  who aren't afraid to admit their mistakes and to show their feelings to the world.
Truly beautiful
Is this a stand up comedy? 😂😂😂
4 GOD SAKE U R NOT SHOWING THE GREAT TRUMP!!!  more fake news
With all due respect if, "Public service is noble" than why do we have Congress with no term limits. It was intended by our Founders to be a service and honor than you went back to work not turn politics into a career rather a temporary responsibility. Rest in peace sir. I hope our future is filled with the wisdom to treat all as individuals and to strive for the best this country could be. No one person represents a group just as no group represents a person. God bless folks.
I felt that
Anyone see those smoke trails coming from Hillary?! She looks like she might combust!
Michelle looks mad. She should've stayed home..
The jihadists in Chief, thanks for destroying Europe, white and black Christian America and western culture to your  Saudi Arabian "allies'.  God is not a respector of persons and the Hell awaits you all.
This is the first time that GW Bush ever made me choke up during one of his speeches. R.I.P HW Bush. You were an honorable man and a great service to our country.
Why did he have to read his last words to his father?
Love your family. Love your daughters. Think they are hilarious. Love that you had your dad's dog  attend his presidential funeral. A true testament of great character and of a family's love. You all make the world a better place. People walk away from you feeling better about themselves.  😉
God bless him and his family
When the Vicodin hits 5:07

Or maybe Bill had a lobotomy?
I wonder what this farewell party cost us, hopefully not as as much as our so called hero mc'cain cost us, these politicians have drained us taxpayers to the tune of almost 22 trillion dollars, absolutely shameful, but some people have no shame, our politicians have broken this country to the point of no return, & im sure their proud of themselves. AT SOME POINT IN TIME THERE WILL BE A RECKONING, HOPEFULLY SOONER THAN LATER.
I have nothing but utmost respect for President Bush. Even though i didnt vote for him he did his job the best he knew how to do it.
RIP
Thank you President George W. Bush.  One never forgets their parents when they are promoted to heaven.  Great  consolation that if they were Christians and we are Christians, we shall meet again.
Q is coming for you.
Watching in jp
R.i.p.
Devils
(((((((((((((((  what a trash eulogy, from a son who  waged war and killed innocent people, to a father who played golf and killed  thousands of innocent people in irak  ))))))))))))))
*************** HOW CAN PEOPLE FORGET THE THOUSANDS HE KILLED, AND JUST REMEMBER THE STUPID GOLF HE PLAYED AND THE STUPID BOAT RIDES HE TOOK. ********
LMAO idk why, but i started laughing when i saw Trump, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton Sitting next to each other.
👁LET THE DEAD BURY THE DEAD.
Bush did 911
R.I.P.
Rest in peace Sir
Globalists
Awesome speech!
Who's chopping onions...
Touching 😢
We’re gonna get you Bin Ladin? Your gonna go down to your local... Kabol ATM and it’s gonna read insufficient funds. That’s because we froze your assets. Haha!!! 🤣🤣🤣
What great eulogy from son to a father , nothing negative only positive thoughts we want to hear more eulogy life stories how the person leave out his or her life what a great journey he was having .. I tear 😢 up a bit cause it's sad 😭 to loose a loved one doesn't matter old or young it's a love one .. Rest In Peace Mr W H Bush your journey was a great one ..💔
Why is the flag upside down?
I'm surprised Obama and Clinton didn't burst into flames when they walked into the church
Is so hard to understand he is not Standby he’s father and mother bedside when they passing, only phone call?
Rest In Peace, George G.W. Bush, for you have run a the race set before you, go to the Lord so that he may say to you, "Well done, good and faithful servant.~enter into the joy of the Lord!"
Putting all political sentiment aside for a moment (which I wish my fellow human beings w/hearts & minds would do) I have to say... that eulogy was just beautiful. I love my dear Father too. He's 85 now. I know the devoted love a child has for her(his) father. I know how Pres. Bush, the Jr., must have felt in that moment. My heart broke for him & for the Bush family. May they all be comforted with love from friends, family & the Lord. Rest peacefully H.W. 🙏💕🇺🇸🙏
Wow he didn't mention Trump once. That's how a good speech is done. Take notes Democrats
Godspeed 41
I think this was a wonderful tribute from a son for his father. I'm so happy that the Bush's requested no political agendas and that the former First Family's and the present First Family showed the world that civility still can exist. My heart goes out to Bush Family because they have lost the matriarchs of their family this year. God bless each of them. My heart goes out to them.
Very touching and heartfelt Mr. President...Sorry for the loss of your father..
Moving.
“My father was a traitor and so was I were sorry for that” would’ve been better
great words.
Too bad his father died at the old age he prevented so many children from reaching themselves.  He was a mass murderer plain and simple. You can spout all the nonsense you want, but a man is known by his work.
TRUMP 2020
To all the dislikes... you don't have a soul.
I pray for the swamp to ask for forgiveness and repent and accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and savior. Could you imagine how great America could be if the swamp could love America and AMERICANS again. But always remember that when Daddy Bush became the president AMERICA started down the drain, and the Bush family ruled half of the last 35 years causing American's jobs to leave AMERICA. The Bush family created the swamp !!!.
Good times before the Democrats ruined everything before Clinton before Obama
I think George Bush senior should be remembered for the President who was wise enough NOT to go into Iraq.
I know he was Bush Sr’s “ namesake” but I hope that’s where the similarity ends!  I know junior was his son and loved him but no one can love the evil this man did in this world!
A beautiful, touching eulogy with a perfect mix of portraying loving moments; essentially love the cohesive invariable all throughout, recognition of wonderful achievements, overcoming terrible setbacks, and appropriate dashes of witty humour, as every spoken word or sentiment completely sincere and heartfelt. 
George H. W. Bush was gifted one of the most captivating and divinely glorious deliveries by way of his loving son, George W. Bush. No politicization. This was a preponderant event of truthfulness: it was the sincerest of transparent love illustrated by a son celebrating his father's life and ascension into heaven, and George W. Bush adjusting to this worldly life devoid of his father's physical presence, yet in prayer and strong faith, all will be united owing to God's grace, mercy and Eternal Love.
Enjoy heaven, George H. W. Bush - and I am sure you enjoyed the amazingly stunning celebratory funeral that rendered politics smaller than an incredibly honourable life that you fulfilled, and guided and inevitably taught your family with divine strength, character, and wisdom: and above everything, unconditional supportive love.
Thank you and God bless you, George W. Bush, for one of the most memorable eulogies I have ever witnessed. 
Finally, see you again one day, President George H. W. Bush, life does not end when the body ceases to continue. As of course, you realize that already, God bless.
Once bush went to hell he saw JFK half blown head waving at him
Rest in peace.
I’m not a Bush fan either but I was deeply, deeply moved by this wonderful eulogy. I have never seen a more genuine, beautiful, heartwarming speech by a son to his father
Sympathy to Former President George Bush and all Bush Family in your loss of Former President H.W. Bush. May You all find peace comfort, and healing of your broken hearts.
Go to hell
RIP 41
I hope FOX NEWS and TRUMP actually listened to the type of person President George H.W. Bush was. Because this is NOT how FOX News and TRUMP act. Most of America know this but they do not.
Eulogy by a war criminal, for a war criminal, to a group of war criminals in the front row.

Pathetic.

But hey, you and CNN are side by side on this.

This is why your country is hated.
War Criminals. Iraq etc... 🤔✍️🇺🇸🕳📺💊💰📁🗄🗃📎📜🗄📖📋😔
Bye bye Bush.
Bush Clinton Obama..... 
Incompetent traitors that drove America to a $20T debt but all got remarkably rich!  They should all be ashamed!
Makes me really appreciate any president and their sacrifices they make to serve our country. Makes you appreciate your dad too. 😢
great story
Is Jimmy Carter immortal?
Too bad ol Georgie doesn’t have the courage to tell the REAL truth about his dad.
I think this  should put an end to all the conspiracy theories about George H Bush because a man who they say did all these evil things wouldn’t inspire  such emotion heart felt in his children
Very heartwarming eulogy. I have once had respect for the Bush family can't have it now though but they do have my condolences. especially after the way they treated President Trump
Why is that all the perpetrators of 9/11 are running free and that we are still scammed???
Thank you President Bush for doing what few have the guts to do; serve your country.  Thank you soldiers for being so brave to serve others and protect us.  Without you, we would not be free.  What so many people forget and what SO many take for granted.  I am ashamed that I never served.  That someone else did what my job was to do.  People should be ashamed if they demand freedom but are not willing to fight for it and think it is someone else job to do it.  If you have not served, then you believe it IS someone else job to fight for it.  And for that, you have no right to claim freedom as your right.  You should be so lucky to claim freedom as a privilege!
There is a rumor going around that there is a deep state section in the seating area.
2+2= Bush did 911
Amen
I am glad the Republicans ignored the Democratic Party  trying to bait them into making this a political show.  Whether you like the Republican Party or not they showed a lot of class in putting aside any bickering so that this President Bush could be honored.  They now have my vote.
Just read the story how the Clintons are still bitter
Daddy Bush the Godfather of a Drug and Pedophile ring. The blood of millions is on his hands. He sold his soul to the Devil. Pure Evil. As is his son.
I´´m not a fan even less but I think it was very brave speech by G. Bush and from a country wich 70% dont have a relegion at all I wasnt bored for a minute and I admit I now like them more even Jeb. Im ver sorry for their lost X from Holland
What the hell is happening with Bill Clinton?
i cant watch these traitors....sorry .....Folks, please remember, they WANT your sympathy before the public hanging!!!  Dont fall for it, patriots.
Trump is going down...
Bunch of RUBES in the comments... 

I guess they forgot about the blood on the Bush family's hands and how they were selling us out to a globalist agenda...

 you all are...
Emotions are one thing, facts are another. Nice show, but, no cigar as far as I am concerned. Audios, GHW Bush. I think that the reception you have received on the 'other side' is not what you and other Luciferians expected. The rituals did not work, right?
These are times that the arrogance of power goes away in front of the realization that all of us, powerful, useless, rich, poor influential or irrelevant we are all in this planet temporary.
This is the end of the Bushes political power, Jef is a clown,He'll never make it! Healer is done!
he aint going to heaven after murdering 1 million Iraqis
3:15
Rest in peace
The republican Clintons is all the Bushes are!
I know a son feels loss when his father passes away, but I feel nothing for a family that would sell us out to a global agenda under a Luceferian concept of 1k points of light
By the way trump is the best president we ever had
Junior didnt have a speech written for him because?...The corn pone Idiot cant read!..
My most sincere respect to the Bush family. They are an example to us all. They have served our country.  They have sacrificed themselves to serve this country. Just for that, it's already admirable to know.  The people who hate them, must ignore the true of history. They have no idea what's going on in this world.  But George H. W. Bush will always be remembered as a hero, a servant for the people and defender of freedom.  May he rest in peace  with Christ our Lord .
That was so amazing! No political jabs no b.s just straight respect for 41 like him or not he was a President and first and foremost a great American! R.I.P go hug your wife and daughter!
Hw Bush was head of the CIA a criminal organization He was a liar war criminal destroyed the lives of millions and is treated like Father knows Best. Ill try not to gag. The Bush Crime Family. Bushes Lie People Die. Peace. Jc.
I'm was no 'great' fan of G. H. W. B., but he was a father, grand-father, uncle, and a 'medal of freedom' recipient. The 41st President of these United States of America, he offered much, and denied some. A 'thousand points of light' emanate from one single gleam. Those who ridicule, chastise, belittle, or defame these virtues—need to produce their accomplishments and credentials for review. He was a decent man.
The late President Bush wasn't perfect , nor did I vote for him, but he was our President,and because of that I respected him, and supported him. It doesn't matter if the President whether you voted for him or not, they should be SUPPORTED. !!!  May you Rest in peace President Bush,and God bless the Bush family and the U.S.A. !
I wondered who is going to deliver the eulogy for Clinton and obama and what good they are going to said about them,there are going to have to invent a lot of lies!
👼
GWB always was good at spreading emotional witchcraft.  Look at how he almost managed to turn the US into the police state that he and his dad vowed to do.  Anyone who thinks he "just happened" to be reading to a group of children when the cameras were poised in perfect position for his face when he supposedly heard the first news of the towers going down is also going to believe anything else he acts out on camera.
Lol
Chris W. - Don’t think that it can’t happen, even China after Chairman Mao died had some sense of the rule of law and crimes against humanity with the Gang of Four.
Must be tough to sit next to the elitist puppets while a Rhino speaks about his Rhino Dad!! The Bushes, Clintons and Obamas are 2 sides of the same coin! Phony!!!
Raspate una puñeta con una cuchilla, chorro de asesinos
Maybe W. Bush could eulogize the 4-thousand + American troops he sent to die in his worthless Iraq War!
I wish a sinkhole would open up an swallow the whole bunch of MURDERING STINKIN PIGS
Can someone explain to me all the hate in the comments? I don’t understand.
Trump LOL
Why does Trump always sit like he's on the toilet?😂
George mentions how his Dad “was the brightest of a thousand points of light” again, as George H.W. Bush did in a speech as president. it’s a reference to the Illuminati. It refers to the Illuminati gaining control of the Vatican. If they can do so, they prophesied that they would reign for 1,000 years. 2015 was the Year of Light, and the Illuminati have controlled the Vatican for decades now. Lucifer is the “light bearer”, meaning we are in the age of Satan. And George HW Bush was part of that process to bring us there.
Hey reminder, this is the video of President George H.W. Bush's funeral, let's take a moment to remember him instead of bickering over partisan politics--most of which have very little impact on your day to day life.  This country has become too divided and people on both sides of the mainstream political aisle are constantly trying to blame the other for the problems in the world. Let's stop just trying to find out who is to blame and actually solve those problems folks! Be kind to each other. Every day is a precious gift from a realm much more beautiful and complex than anything you could possibly imagine. There is more to life than simple left vs right. Don't drink the koolaid folks!
Even Obama and his boyfriend were there
the hate you have inside yourself while on earth will  never dwell in the house of the LORD...
I always liked George W's speech with light humor.  This is a great tribute to his dad.  No matter where President Trump goes and sits, his posture has always been 'ready, go".  It shows he is a very active man anxiously getting and seeing the results.  What is up with Hillary?  She seems to be chewing on a bug while the Trumps were seated.  I think Bill and Trump are about the same age but what a difference they look.  One is full of energy and another is really aging.
We should never leave our children a world better than we found it.  We should never leave our children with more money then we started with.  We should never simply hand life over to them.  The result is the spoiled and entitled generation we have to do who knows nothing of sacrifice and patients.  I see it everyday when people get mad because they have to wait behind two people in line at the store.  I see it every day from the idiots who zoom in front of another without a TURN SIGNAL so they can get to the red light quicker.  I see it everyday when you have been standing in line waiting to cash out at the store, and someone walks up right behind you, and another line opens and they are quick to run over first instead of offering it to the person in front of them who has been standing there longer.  I see it when people are in the drive through and they get mad because they have to wait behind two cars.  It is in our nature to only live what we know and what we are taught.  If we hand the next generation a world already provided as it is today, they never learn the value of hard work and sacrifice.  They become spoiled and entitled.  They think the most easy things in life are the hardest.  But they think.....it is someone else job to provide if for them, yet they do not have to provide it back to someone else.  They think of a right only if someone can provide it to them, but think it is someone else job to provide it to another and they do not have to.  That is what we see through this generation and have not had to lift a finger for anyone.  Parents have failed these children, because their parents failed them.  Handing a child everything in life only gives them moments of happiness, but a lifetime attitude of entitlement.  You think by giving everything your child wants as opposed to everything they need makes you a great parent?  No, you have failed.  This is why schools are failing kids trying to paint a picture of a perfect world where everyone holds hands and sings songs.  That person faults are truly not their own and someone should take care of them.  A child has a birth right, and these are few and far.  To a good mother and FATHER, who is envolved with their children, who loves their children, and shows discipline (parents today do to much or not enough)  But I promise you, that if you give your child the right amount of love, and the right amount of discipline, you are teaching your child the most important less of all;  RESPECT.  Something highly missing from this younger generation today.  Each generation must start over and learn the simple values of life.  Father hood, mother hood, love, discipline, respect, morals, values, ethics, and above all: GOD!  Everything material should be earned.  Food, water, clothing should be earned worked for.  People who understand the value of what I am saying know what I am saying.  Children need to earn the simply things in life or they will NEVER earn respect for the basic things in life, and spoiled on the large things in life.  This was the simple message President Bush had towards the next generation.  But we are failing.  The ONLY way we can restore, is to change the entitlement spoiled attitude.  And by doing that, is to get rid of automatic entitlement programs just because a person is poor.  Mandate two years of all out of high school or 18 years of age to serve in the military. Impeach congress and state officials and judges who continually push fathers out of their childs life.  They should be ashamed of themselves.  But money talks and too many people's jobs depend on control and taking the child away.  It truly is sick.  Every generation is entitled to start from the beginning and learn their way.  Not be cradled around like babies when they are 13.  "oh his just a kid.  Let him be a kid'  Problem with that, is they never grow out of that.  Stop treating kids like babies.  Kids will adapt to anything.  They kids that grow up with emotion problems is because they lack either a father or mother, and lack the foundation of what a child needs: love and discipline.  That is why they do not respect themselves or others!  Living under the same roof does not mean your are parenting your child!
Look at Obama sitting there with his arrogant snout thrust into the air. Shudder
During Mc Cains funeral , GW used it as a political event to bash Trump calling him a "swaggering despot" . Seriously disgusting behavior . 
I guess the situation is different when it's your own family member and you demand respect from all attendees at the funeral of your own .
I'm not watching any of this funeral. My fight against the Neocons has been a lifetime struggle. GH was their ringleader of the Neocon power struggle.  I recall my ultimate disgust in the first Iraq war when the air war laid to waste an archaic army that didn't have a chance to surrender.  Our conscience was seared until 2012 when Ron Paul came close to the WH.
How we have a bigger investigation witch hunt now than any investigation into 9/11 and who dropped the ball.
bill clinton look like his 10 years older than bush when their the same age; btw people with negative comments really??? show some respect
Another vomit inducing moment from the lucifernarian elite
😪
enough of the george bush propaganda, how about doing a story on george webb and michael c ruppert who exposed george bush bill clinton cia drug importation and sales
When I saw the flag at half mast I was overjoyed to hear that the patriarch of the bush crime family was finally about to receive judgement for his evil, traitorous, globalist behavior. This has been a good year, brezinski died, then his benefactor David Rockefeller, then the bastard daughter of the beast Barbara bush, and now ole Georgie boy. May these scumbags spend the rest of eternity knowing their new world order is dying just as they have.
😥
George H W Bush... One of the worst criminals of the past 80 years.
you suckers know how many people they Killed ? God does !
I'll need an eulogy after the cancer this comment section just gave me.
Thank you G H Bush .r.i.p..this went really well thank God the tariff guy wasn't invited on that microphone to give a speech  nobody wants to listen how he won the election .
A mass murderer died I hope he rots in hell...
Bush funeral could set taxpayers back a half-billion dollars
Fox propaganda is fake news.
And who delivered the Eulogies for the victims of 9/11
Bill Clinton looked weird. Obama looked stuck up.
at least he cant cause another 9/11
really? phk the bushs they all need to di !!! killamotherfuckereverybodyneedstodie
but he doesnt cry when millions of iraqis were died in the war because u know they are less human than his father
George W will always be my favorite President!
Hillary Clinton still looks like a nasty woman, no matter what
Appreciate Video clip! Apologies for chiming in, I would love your thoughts. Have you heard about - Schallingora Publicity Extracting Scheme (search on google)? It is a good one off guide for learniing amazing eulogy speeches minus the normal expense. Ive heard some amazing things about it and my friend Sam finally got excellent results with it.
QUE LE DA BABY BUSH A MICHELLE OBAMA CUANDO LA SALUDA??
I’m I the only one crying through all this video ? :..( imagine me when one of my parents die I’ll be crying like a baby :/
God bless you and your family Mr. President. I'm continuing to pray for you every day.
HIS TEARS ARE FAKE AND DISCUSTING. THESE TEARS COME FROM A SON, WHO BOMBED IRAK, WITH HUNDRED OF THOUSANDS OF INNOCENT PEOPLE KILLED. SHAME ON YOU BUSH JUNIOR, YOUR FATHER WILL SEE IN HEAVEN, WHAT A MURDERER HIS SON WAS.
Ecellent George W. Bush. We miss you greatly. You and your dad were great presidents. Viele Grüße aus Deutschland. I appreciate your down-to-earth sense of humor.
All the mothers fathers and children bush the warmonger killed have no sympathy for him at all
Ambos asesinos 👎les espera el juicio final .
God Bless George Herbert Walker Bush.
God Bless George Walker Bush.
Crying for 9/11 victims perhaps!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5:59 D tearjerker part of this eulogy is that their 3 yr. old sister died. & George Sr. wish that 1 day, he will hug his little baby again.
Bush family have done some serious dirt.  I’m sorry I don’t wanna kick anyone when they’re down but they have a lot of blood on their hands.
By the way, how is someone serving their country by sending other people to die in a war that they will personally profit from?  Trump could build 20 hotels with Russian money and it would harn no one.  There is a big difference between being a Tony Soprano and a destroyer of nations and killer of millions.
Do you Believe that President Bush was a good man,  come on fox you’re making too much news of bush , get a grip of yourself and broadcast the real news of today, Like the federal reserve taken our interest money when we could print our own money , and  own no bank any interest, why don’t you broadcast that, I know why you won’t say this on TV, because you’re scared to lose your job your network is being paid by somebody you’re not allowed to say certain things so you keep the public in tune with bullshit. I feel sorry for you fox your one step above CNN, Which both of  you stink
As a black man and also a
Swede i always been a big fan of the bushes and especially bush jr. The bush institute is doing amazing work. Most people are washed out by media and have no clue how many sick and hungry this man is currently helping. You are looking at a great leader.
W made me cry, god bless the bush family in their time of sorrow
RIP in Hell. 🙏
Che che jima LoL Godspeed 41
Thank you George for honoring your Dad in a loving, funny and respectful way. You kept it dignified. That is how a eulogy should be. 
I appreciate that you didn't turn it into a Trump bashing vehicle as everyone did with McCain's funeral.
May God give you peace.
Today a lot of us said good bye to an amazing patriot. I can not put in to words the respect I have for this man, I think the thing that sticks with me most is the 73 years of devoted marriage. That is commitment that only a strong love can keep. A true American HERO on so many levels!
I feel zero remorse for these criminals
Such a heartfelt eulogy by a thankful and loving son. This entire service shows the importance, especially as an elected official (namely president), to live a life of dignity, honor and respect. It becomes that much easier for people to deliver genuinely kind words about you at your funeral. The irony of seeing Colt 45 in attendance drives that point home. You may not agree with all or any of the polices of the men seated to 45's left, but they are all men of dignity and honor, and all worthy of our respect because they showed respect for the office they held. I pray that one day God will deliver us another man of honor to erase the awful memory left by the current occupier of the White House. RIP President George Herbert Walker Bush!
That was beautiful
Why is Obama always sitting next to Melania. I guess if I had a man-wife as ugly as Michelle I would sit by a beautiful woman too.
I really don't care he can go kick rocks LOL
Well done former President Bush.
this was great ex president
George W Bush is certainly the most likable war criminal.
Sorry i snapped my finger
Well, he's in hell now...
Someone should have shown the obamas the door.  
Lets play a game of what doesn't belong.
Godspeed
I wasn't a big fan of the bush's but this hurts so much
I am a conservative, but sadly I cannot say the Bush dynasty represents me, the problems we have now are shock waves the Bushes helped intensify, unfortunately the globalists will eventually win, create a one world currency, government and religion.
How could anyone thumbs this down? What the hell!!!!!
This guy tore up the middle-east for 'daddy'.
GHWB was a true republican, I wish he was still here instead of that joke of President we have now.
HELL IS LOOKING LIKE PARIDISE COMPARED TO WHERE THIS MONSTER IS HEADED!
I hope you are next 9/11 murderer Bush
He was a terrible President
There cannot be one dry eye in the room ...... Oh wait I forgot Trump is there .... Take that back
I respect  George H.W Bush Sr. , he was highly intelligent, brave  . He was no coward, Him college was fullly paid for , but  voluntary to go to war .  My condolence  to the bush family. Good Bye  Poppy.
Embarrassing how the republican party has changed. They went from a dignified, well-brought up gentleman with a plethora of political and military achievements, to a former reality show TV host who just happens to have a lot of money and debt and thinks women are second class. America HAS CHANGED, not for the better. FOR THE WORST
How many deaths did the Two Bushes cause in the Middle East?
Couldn't say it any better. Saying goodbye to a Great Man. God Bless!
Yeah, well I lost my Dad in 2016, and he was a great Dad too. But somehow, my Dad was great without being a member of Skull & Bones, and without coordinating the hit on JFK,  and without giving the green light on unnecessarily killing 10's of thousands of civilians, and without partaking in numerous Satanic rituals at the Bohemian Grove, and without slapping Terri Hatcher's ass in the presence of Secret Service agents and without foreknowledge of the events of 9-11. Amazing, right?
Trump setting there all sad knowing he will never receive this kind of ceremony. The only people that will want to speak will be jr. And Hannity. No past presidents will attend. No kind or remorseful words. Most of the country will be glad he's gone. Hopefully he will die in prison.
lock her up and i dont mean Hillary Clinton i mean Ivanka Trump
Rest in peace with all the others who have died because of the Iraq invasion.
Thank goodness Trump didn't speak.  He would be saying how great he was and how he supported Bush in the 90s and talking about his hair.  I expected him to start clapping when Bush Jr said our presidents and 1st ladies.
