The media has been so obsessed over Kavanaugh that they completely forgot about a massive storm headed our way. It got no attention until you could see it through your window.
God please protect the people 😢
smash ultimate theme plays HURRICANE MICHAEL ROARS ASHORE



in all seriousness tho, i hope everyone is okay afterwards
Keep safe. From Ireland.
Shep jumped the gun by about 25 minutes. Landfall is mid center of the eye and not the eyewall. 
G*d bless
OMG Bless everyone Going threw this
Sheps panties are getting all soaked thinking of the drama
MICHAEL MAKES AN ENTRANCE! 
get it? it’s a bmc reference




okay not funny
The eye doesn't matter!! That's the calm of the storm. Those big bands of weather reaching 150 to 200 miles north. The northern wall is where most of the damage will accur.
Stay dry and safe people of Florida ❤️ America loves our Floridians. 

😭 poor orange 🍊 trees..
YOU FORGOT A LOT OF LETTERS G WAS NEXT.
I can't stand this guy, C Juuk...
The JUDGEMENT OF GOD is on Florida! Dow falls 832 points in third-worst day by points ever. Thanks trump.
CNN'S BEST SHEPARD SMITH, getting all "Climate Changed", and it's only the 11th of October.
MICHAEL MAKES AN ENTRANCE!!
Hey Shep? Take the next flight to FL. I'd like to see you boots on the ground at Davis Beach. RIP.
Lovely zooming. Can you do something else too?
It's Clobberin' Time!
UTube 45 minutes late!
Where's Fox News!?!
Ha I am in south Florida!!!

Good luck northwestern Florida.

Lol
GOD I HOPE EVERYONE IS BLESSED🙏 AND BE CAREFUL OUT THERE PEOPLE!!!!😥 I'm so worried..
All I see in my breaking news section
“HURRICANE MICHEAL BLAH BLAH BLAH”
Why is this idiotic anchor still employed by FOX?
Thank you President Trump. Keep telling it like is and hold all Democrats accountable for their un-American, un-patriotic, shameful pursuits to get back into power.
Pray for me I live in North Carolina
Hey Shep!  I miss you being there like Katrina.  You did a great job there!!!!
I watch these on 2x speed so Fox can only waste 1/2 of my time.
Man made weather attacks brought to you by world-wide money changers +  sold-out military.
I live in nc please folks pray for sc,and nc +_+
God's Blessings to all of those people ,Thankful I live up North.
my boyfriend lives in georgia </3
I'm so glad its perfectly specific.
He needs to go to CNN
my frend  lives there😭
Micheal Myers Strikes Again
The Radar may not lie, But Shepard Smith sure does.
I didn't even know Shep Smith was a weatherman.
I feel bad for Tyndall AFB. I used to lived there.😞
"Stormy" weather in florida?, not surprise. MaraLago...
Wow, I wonder how many days of school they have now...




Too soon?
Oh my geez Shepard we have only 12 left to live with climate change you dip.
I'd rather trust the word's of Allen Seals. He is #1 weather man on this planet. FACTS!!!!
Message to the Carolinas: BOHICA
Shep"the radar does not lie"Shep"But I lie all the time!"
Prayers go out to people and their families in Florida stay safe.🙏
I live Georgia should I be worried?
Isaiah 45:7

I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the Lord do all these things.
BE SAFE AMERICA...
GOD BLESS US ALL...❤
I rode it out in panama city on the water on my ship. It hit Cat 5 wind speeds on our equipment!!
Red storm surge November 6th
Soon Florida will just be water😓
But there’s no climate change... right?!
Michael roar de storm ashore, Hallelujah!
are fox viewers actually this stupid or are the comments just having some fun?
Hope it hits all the deplorables - make them go extinct
i just came back from Floridia and they where talking about Florence. WHY nature!
WHY FLORIDA AGAIN!?
God bless this.people👐👐
the seas and waves will cause distress to the Nations
Luke 21 verse 25
rip Epic Games
When your technology malfunctions lol
Let's see if I'm still here in a week 🤞
Get Shep off the air!
Thanks for the report
MICHAEL NOW A CAT 3
Land of the free, home of the brave 
Smoke marijuana, get thrown in a cage ?

It doesn’t have to be this way 
-  Andrew Gillum 2018 -
God help and protect them
A Hurricane with a male name???
Uh Oh. I Live in Georgia
"from the standpoint of water..."
I’m in this hurricane BUT IM IN DISNEY WORLD 😭😭😭😭😭
Yes I agre
Man Shepard Smith has a sense of the dramatic!
You know the beeps that are loud and scary for things like tornados ya and the voice that is scary and crackly that scares me the most.    well almost
WHATT!!! I AM GLAD I DO NOT LIVE. THERE
Pray for the Ranger Students on patrol around panama city, in the swamp, trying to finish and get their Tab.  RANGERS LEAD THE WAY!!!!
BRAKING NEWS MKAY
Can't stand Shep.
I love the HURRICANE
FAKE NEWS FROM THE NEO NATZI NETWORK!
Dio u know my bro name is micheal XD
Hurricane Micheal 






Nothing else
How come Shep is not telling people their families are dead if they dont leave?
I'm so sorry for the people who live in Florida be safe people please
Japanese weather segments are so much better! ANN Asahi News Network on youtube! 🇯🇵
That thing is hitting where I live
Here we go again people who don't respect nature. Wind is one problem but 6 feet of water is avoidable. News flash , don't live on flood plains , river banks and certainly not near a beach.
Good luck with those ideas.
Oh my...I thought I had the weather channel....oops I got Shep...GTG, he's a fake weather man
Wasn't Shep fired over the Hurricane in Daytona ?
party time for blacks
Mrs. Alison "Shep" Cooper is such a soycunt
Being from new Orleans, We all tremble in fear every time a new tropical storm/hurricane forms so ima say a prayer for y'all! I hope everybody got their supplies, boarded up their houses & evacuated to a shelter if needed. 

Can somebody that's in its path keep a updated on how it is?? Thanks
Go home to your loving husband shep !!
Oh no! I live in Georgia!
OMG Shep didn't bash Trump once.  Oh well, he will later.
Shep take agent Orange with you please
Red Tide November 6th!
I can't believe anyone would talk about climate change at a time like this. It's so obvious the Deep State is responsible for Michael and Florence. Only an idiot would fall for something as stupid as science.
Weather is not political!
This is the same dude that said, "and your kids die to!" When he was talking about hurricane Matthew
This isnt Florida’s first rodeo
Stay safe!!!
Global warming is a hoax! It is not flooding in Texas.
Florence: take this stupid east coast..



Michael: REEE IM GOING FOR SOUTH COAST {I live in the east coast please support this comment by likening :(}
This is a liberal hoax. This isn't happening.  Everything is perfect. The climate is fine.
May those blue states be off the map.
May those blue states be off the map.
HURRICANE TRUMP will make landfall in November. Don't worry tho, it's devastation will be confined to destroying Dem crime party members only.....
Hows Pensacola my step dads mom lives in Pensacola
NOOO IT WAS FLORENCE NOW MICHAEL
ITS NOT COMING TO OLIVE BRANCH
Praying for the people of Florida.
Is the hurricane's last name Obama?
the sheep is located.
well, no school tomr
eye of the storm
Why don't you ever report on geo engineering, HAARP ,cloud seeding,  man made storms ,CERN causing earthquakes or DEW direct energy wepons? There is proof, it's real and it's war on humanity.
Thank god! I don’t live in Florida I live in philli
God bless those people give a like if you agree
My friend is in florida, im happy he is not hurt but im sad for those people :(
Ilktobeiwetherefortcastereonedayitnettolernadoutthestroms
I’m really scared I live in sc
ANOTHER HURICANE???!?!!!!
1 hablo español:v 
2 soy a la unica q le pareció q en 00:04 la imagen era él logo de chrome 
3 chau :3
Oh boy...
VOTE RED!
Why must Mother Nature hate us...? I guess North Carolina is getting prepared for Round 2. I must prepare with them.
Thinking of the ones I love in FL.
$##$sb ac 805 nasa
WE’RE ALL GONNA DIEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!
That's my brothers name
Upper right?  from what view, looking from above or below?
Me too!!!
RUN OUT THE FORTNITE STORM OR YOU DIE bless them....
lol michael goin wild
A prayer for the people!
This is the same guy who did the "And you and everyone you know are dead"
isnt turmp twited on this subject yet. the world is really woried about this hurrcine in usa
The eye wall went over my house and possibly could have destroyed it. (I have evacuated. I am currently in Mississippi)
nice holloween trick
Fake Weather!
God protect these people 🙏
In  2018-

Hurricane Florence "I'm the worst hurricane this year!"

Hurricane Michael "Hold my beer"
NUUUU I WILL PRAY FOR THE PEPOLE!I AM CHRISTIAN GOD WILL LISTEN TO ME!
Pff Fake Storm .
I'm going to nc tomorrow 😊
Oh no hurricane michelle is gonna hit me tomorrow 😭😢
Hurricane Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Florida. Prayings and blessings for the civilians who need help as well as food, clothing, and home.
My dad grandpa and grandma live on the coast there so I hope there ok cause they can't contact me cause power outage plz pray for my family thanks :) I don't live thier I live somewhere else so yea
I feel their pain....  Owning a p/t res. in FL,’s east side I’ve had to leave whatever I was doing elsewhere — to go prep the place.  In some cases, ride the storm up out completely so I could clean up before leaving.

Just glad (so far) these swirly, moving, disasters have meandered away from my joint.....for a change. 🙂
Michael Row The Boat Ashore Hallelujah
God please protect the people 😢
Michael Bay has gone too far....
This is not good
How come the hurricane is named after #44's "wife"?
🤭🤭🤭
Be blessed people
Michael roars the storm ashore
It's Trump's fault
I hope Annie's okay
I feel so bad for those people. Florida is a bad choice for a hurricane to occur. May God protect His people
Is it going to hit Dayton??
omg 😞😥😭
palcero sos de colombia
OJ SIMPSON DIDN'T DO IT!!!!
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!! IT'S ALMOST CLOSE TO LOUISIANA 😢😢😢 AND IT'S A CATAGORY 4 OR 5 PLEASE PROECT FLORIDAIANS!!!!!
1 like 1 prayer for the people in the storm😞
it's been a while since I have seen Shepard Smith this excited
God please keep everyone safe.
who the heck disliked this ?
Please keep the people safe
Hated shep since '08. Because that's when I first saw him. Liked him more when I heard he was gay, because then it made sense.
Just saying south carolina and north carolina be prepared for hurricane michael!!!! LORD JESUS PLEASE HELP US
Has it made landfall?
Two things, first, I hope god protects those people near the hurricane and second, my "friends" name is Michael.
Such Dangerous weather.
Oh my..... i heard... thats really red... my parents and i helped with Harvey. But this is farther... and worse
Praying for those in the path. My city isn't even recovered from flooding from Florence and now this thing will be here tomorrow morning. 😨
Omg we just had hurricane Florence now we’re having hurricane Michael
I just ate a nice meal,it was good. Think I'll watch a movie now. Have a nice day.😆
Why don't you show live satellite coverage of these storms and show the actual storm
OMG that’s me
Florida. Where bad things go to happen.
I really do not like this person,
very sad prayers for all
Is that his right now
HAARP  MAN MADE SUPER STORMS !
Build that wall around Miami, so ,can stop the Hurricanes...
Shepard Smith a weatherman
Shep  Drama .
God is ready for more chaos and he's gonna have fun watching people suffer...more.
Epic games is in the storm
I'm in NC and its already cloudy here. Its making me depressed. Michael needs to take a hike.
where do they get the names for these hurricanes from???
Wait, isn't the eye the calmest part of the storm?🤔🤔🤔🤔
My daughters uncle lives there and we haven't heard from him in Panama City
What a liar
I hope de people are okay 😥
Michael's Coming!

1 like = one prayer
I'm in Florida but not that area I'm just getting some of it and were just getting some rain and a little strong wind so I'm fine
Like I said don't mess up with Mother Nature because sometimes that she could bring the hurricane any month because now everything is changing right now 2018
Yeah but climate change isn't real or anything right
God plz protect
Why does it say catagory but on cnn it say catagory 5
I wonder what the waffle House Index is
Damnit
Poor folks
Well it depends on what you mean by a hurricane. In the time before modern science people conceived of things in supernatural terms, infused into every day life!  That's no joke! There were no hurricanes, only acts of God. But it's more like a Goddess - the personification of a wild and destructive feminine archetype, much like the recent Ford-Kavenaugh debacle. At least, well, that's for starters.
The 175 mile wind gust will surly surpass that wind bag Maxin Waters mouth can produce.
It's a good thing global warming ain't real and warmer big wet ocean water doesn't fuel hurricanes.
Living on a generator and candles fridge raider plugged in and Wi-Fi trying to stay safe in St. Petersburg Florida no power whoever gets this hi everyone is on the communication I have right now
lol fake news
HEEEEEEYYYY  VSSSSAUSSSEEE MICHAEL HEREEEE
GOOGLE CHROME
Please get Shepard Smith out in the storm to report. He is the only reason I would stop watching FOX news as we do not need Democrats at FOX new network.
My friend got in the hurricane. She’s not responding to my messages
The storm went from a Category 2 to a Category 4 as it was "supercharged by abnormally warm waters in the Gulf of Mexico". But all good, climate change is a hoax. 
To deny climate change at this point is to deny all of reality itself. We threaten future generations-- our sons and daughters -- everyday we do not seriously address this with the urgency and haste it requires.
Where tf did this come from?
We can barely feel it here in Orlando because I went to the Aquatica today across from SeaWorld and then the sun came out a couple times but mostly it was just cloudy
Mexico beach? You mean the Gulf of Mexico smh
We need to stop hurricanes
No god please no
Chupa pi**
We need hurricane Jesus
THE WEATHER AINT GOT NO NAME WHERE YOU THINK HURRICANE MICHEAL FROM???? HMMM
omgfg:-(
Oh nooo I’ve been learning about Michael !!! In school.
So a cat 4 hurricane and I live in Florida YET SOMEHOW ITS MADE LANDFALL AND SCHOOL WAS STILL OPEN I live in the middle but cmon wth I never even know there was a hurricane coming he’ll my school barley mentioned it
If this hit New Orleans there would no longer be a New Orleans to go back to for a VerY long time. 1 agree or 2 disagree.
God speed
I don’t live ther but whoever does I pray that you will be safe PLEASE DONT GET HURT
Let's all pray that people are in the safe places that nothing can happen to them
like si este dia es miercoles 



y pon tu pais
Ya this does not come close to us at all
🙏🏾
Thank god, i mean science, the hurricane path goes thru redstate florida. the less Frump Followers, the better
omg!
omg!
I wonder what happened to hurricane Florence
i know that there is no god, but i hope everyone stays careful, but knowing the liberals, they don't stand a chance.
Surprised he isn't blaming trump for the storm!
I hate hurricanes 😭😭😭
Awwww crap here comes another one
When my dream University is in florida.... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The level of rainfall is predicted to almost surpass the level of liberal tears since the election.
Douche bag
dani
Come to think of it ma dad's name is Michael🤔🤔anyway pray for the people in the hurricane pray for he children the elders and also the parents and adults pray for them one like mean that u prayed for them😭😇🤗
Oh no
Ngl, living in georgia kinda sucks right now
God Speed
it hits Guatemala, my country, scary asf
Harp
Nah its fake news.  The dems made it up to scare you.  The real storm is the weather machine attacking the trump supporters
Congratulations I am enjoying it so much it's really so great. I am an atheist
Of the te now yo now entenderé nada
Yesterday I was in Orlando Florida for Disney World and we got so much rain!! Luckily I am home now and safe
I bet that eye looks like a brown eye to you doesn’t it shep? You like it don’t you?😂
Fake news!
Trillions and billions and dollars somewhere on Florida and Panama City that some of you that you heard that is Panama City is Florida right there not Panama but Panama City in Florida don't get confused just looking in Google map anyway and one more thing this is going to be the biggest expensive money for the for the cover that people lost their homes property and business no seriously half of Americans are 50 states had to surrender of the money what day are saving and then tried to expense of Florida so what's the hurricane just passed away and how much is going to be expensive that to rebuild again en Florida Florida that everyone Florida so this is how you call recover of everything of stuff and try to expense more and one more thing the people that I'm saving all this piggy Bank to have to spend damaged property and business to Florida or anywhere so this is how it goes working business okay
next hurricane will be named Kiki.
Oh no end of the world!😢😧😟
Ugh so boarding
Im scared what will happen to my mom and my dog
Shep is just as bad as CNN,when did he become a Meteorologist,he now thinks hes a expert on the weather,i guess we all can be weather people now that we have the internet.
😱😱😱
Wow
Hurricane Serigo will make landfall Oct 12, Hurricane Leslie is turning towards the east coast and so is Hurricane Nadine we are in for it this year
My friend name is Michael!OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Honestly I wouldn’t be surprised if we get like 10 hurricanes during the winter at this point
ahhhhhhhhhhh
STOP EATING ANIMALS. MOTHER NATURE NEVER FORGETS
Fake news!!!
Hi
Why hello
FAKE NEWS
And where is Trump?   
He is out telling his election stories again like your crazy uncle who never forgot his high school football games.
I guess he forgot he LOST by 3 million votes and his buddy Brett has 51% of Americans wanting him NOT to be on the Supreme Court.  He also seems to like his new catch phrase 'mob' to describe anyone who dos not worship him.
I think it's Karma that Republican states are the most affected by Hurricanes. It's also Ironic because they don't believe in Climate Change.
My sister "katrina" and now my father "michael". My family sure does hate florida.
How did a hurricane bring forth political debate? Yeesh, I’m only here to study it.
I have an app that I use to track hurricane Michael
Pulling out of international agreements doesn't look too appealing now does it?
hi michael
God angry
I blame hillary clinton
that the hurricane takes Trump
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa😲😱
This suit wearing news deuch wouldn't know what an eye wall was unless his eye got slammed into a wall...deushbag eyewall slam... Ilmfao
Well I'm so close to it I'm in America and it is scary
For the people that live in Florida and Panama City please try to me cover of your stuff and everything business and small stores and even lost property right there so this is only just a message for people in Florida that's it only for the people in Florida that's it. If you don't live in Florida move on in this message is going to be the people in Florida that live in the danger zone that's it
Sooo i like fox but i don’t like hurricanes... I’m not sure if i should give the video a thumbs up... ... ... decisions......
My friend jaylen is going there with his grand mom
GOD BLESS SHEPARD SMITH.
Yeah people over there are gonna get screwed get over it
Shep, idiot, landfall isn’t when the outer eyewall comes ashore.  It’s when the middle of the rotation comes ashore.  You’re a reporter?
Iliktolernmoriaboutthewathere
This was sent by China and Obama, paid for by the Clintons.
Fake
DEW?  HAARP?  How many hurricanes like this went through the area in the 70's and 80's?
And your kids will die too
Lol I hope they all die
Ok
Please don’t judge me, I thought it was hurricane Micheal Jackson.
Omg I’m safe because I’m in Cambodia
OMG IM IN OHIO
😐😐😐😐😐😐😑😑😑😖😖😖 oh no
FAKE NEWS. STAY HOME.
Fake news, climate change isn't a thing, so CAT 4 hurricanes can't happen in October.
I’m in mexico beach :c
This is really bad my cousin told me his dad is near the storm I hope he’s safe
This is why i hate the name Michael
I'm sorry but don't come to Tennessee
Remember last year when all the media idiots were in Ft. Lauderdale and Miami supposedly it cover when Irma hit? And Irma roared up the West coast right through Naples instead? Best if they all stay in NYC safe and sound where they at least won't get in the way of people actually working to help deal with the storm.
Oh well.  They're only Americans and the Trumptards don't care about us.  So happy rooftop surfing!
𝐇𝐀𝐋𝐋𝐎𝐖𝐄𝐄𝐍 𝐓𝐇𝐄𝐌𝐄 𝐈𝐍𝐓𝐄𝐍𝐒𝐈𝐅𝐈𝐄𝐒
My dads in the heracain😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😷😵
It looks terrible
Boring
Don’t worry! Trump will throw you a roll of paper towels. He said the storm will be very very wet.
Michael, the Archangel, is punishing those who support the lying, cheating, adulterous Trump.  Repent of your sins, you in the southern Trump states.  Worse could yet happen to you!
worse yet ,i thought you would try abc or any alphabet news network since you continue to upset your viewers
Dealing with stress, anxiety ? Smoke marijuana because you can’t afford your meds ? Want to vote for someone who thinks you belong in a cage away from your family ?
— Vote Ron DeSantis 2018 — 😎
this pompous priss spent a minute and a half saying the storm made landfall.
Expected Shep to be on location. He knows storms. Good source for accurate level headed reports.
123 MISSING children have been found in Minnesota. Check abc7. There is other important news apart from Trump dementia.
This why I detest religeon, you guys only judge him for being gay, he tells the truth so you use his love life to degrade him. Very sick guys.
Whole bunch of Trump voters are getting all washed up now, GOOD!
Why is this hurricane called Michael?  Why don’t we call it Robert, after Robert Murray, the coal baron who tells Trump what his energy policy is going to be?  Or we could name future hurricanes after members of Mr Murray’s family, or the Trump family.  I think the next one should be Hurricane Baron.
EXCELLENT NEWS... two conservatives states whacked in two weeks.. It's called climate change KARMA
Godamn you trump will you just stop it’s time to stop I swear this man will not stop making big storms him and Russia back at it
