And this matters to the U.S. how?
Other news around the world: Mothers of "low birth" also giving birth to new babies.
Another tax payer funded golden pacifier.
Wake up to 2019....it's not a boy, it's an it.  I'm so proud of myself for being so woke, where is my scholarship and cookie?
Why do Americans care about this? "We the people" have no royal overlords. "We the people" had better realise that a new sort of overlord has captured our nation and has subverted our constitution. Global Corporate Fascism and its tentacles have America firmly in its grip. Throw it off folks. Have foreign nations 'meddled' in our political processes? You betcha! Which nation is most guilty? Is it Russia? NOPE! Facts point to our former overlords: The good old UK & the crown corporation. How 'bout that 'Fox News'. . .will you dare to report the facts\truth to the American people or will you continue to promote and glorify 'the royal family fantasy narrative'?
congrats hope there 💘 life never ends
Screw the royals.
Somebody in China is thinking about dinner plans!..
I can't understand why the critics on here bothered to watch this if they say it doesn't matter.  It obviously matters enough to me to watch it!
what person with a brain cares about this?
“Uh oh... the baby got that “male privilege”....that’s problematic”-Left
Something is off. A lot is off.
Fake news
Boys are better than girls
I thought it was a pin cushion.
Are they (Meghan/Harry) pro-'choice' and prolgbt?
DILLIGAF..
Lizard baby, lizard baby.
Oh my goodness.......I almost cared......Whelp, time to mow the lawn....
Congrats on the 56%er
Why do we care about this?
I gave birth to my daily morning Obama about 10 minutes ago.
Harry could have done so much better than Megan.. He deserves better as well..
Highest paid Welfare Queens.
Matthew 1:23
First congrats to new royal parents! But my question is that how tall is Prince Harry? In this clip I I do see Princess Meghan under shoulder of Prince Harry. I had heard Princess’s Meghan is 5’7 tall!
Who gets to eat the placenta?
Who gives a fook
who gives a rats
Did he say BOY? I the they said they weren’t going to assume the baby’s gender!
And on that note Hillary Clinton is pregnant
Word is they’re going to name the boy Elizabeth.
Honestly, I was expecting to learn that a healthy royal human was born.
FAKE NEWS
And the divorced will come next month
Thought she already had a kid?
Why is Fox reporting this?
Those two nitwits will probably raise it gender neutral!
Who cares?
Who cares.
He genders the baby
Can you feel all the HATE
So, someone who will never be king was born? That literally happens every day.
Awww...a new Anti-Christ. How cute.
Did the queen really traffic children???
I wonder if they are going to try to find out who the father is
Boy did she pull a fast one on Prince Harry. Gold Digger is all she is.
Couple have have child...how is that news?
Another parasite England's taxpayers will have to support.
who cares
She gets away with it...how fine for her.  Hope the natural mother is well.
Great! I hope they don't raise him gender fluid.
Will it be raised as a free mason or illumi nati puppet?
570,000 babies are born worldwide every day. Where's their news coverage?
Who cares
This is hilarious, seeing as though prince harry is not of royal blood. His true father was a polo player that diana was seeing. Now, not only is he married to a woman of black ancestry, but he's also just had a baby with her. Talk about sticking it to the royal family. Good job, diana.
I hope they name the Royal Baby “ James “ .. to honour Harry’s Father .
meghan markle and prince harry welcome first child..... whom they're going to make a transgender and raise gender neutral/fluid.
Biden can’t wait to sniff him.
Another parasite added to the family of scroungers.
Guys,  Royals are useless parasites.
We need a republic of Britain.
(and no; I'm not a communist /leftwinger)
who really cares???ZZZZZZZZ
All those comments about why we care about that. Don’t watch the bloody video then as it’s for those who are interested in the royals
Nobody cares. This is not relevant information. By no means would this classify as an "alert."
Who cares
Who exactly was anticipating this? Why is this news? There are 100's of more important things for you to be covering.
'A ceasefire comes after a tumultuous weekend with Israel and Gaza and.. wait.. (checking earpiece).. it seems the prince and princess that have no political nobility, that used taxpayer dollars to fund their wedding, who are glorified for absolutely no reason, has just had their baby'
Oh goody another person th world  thinks is "special" ..
I still give them 5 yrs. Hope im wrong.
Faux news is enemy of the people
She used a surrogate, she's a fake
Look Britain another spoiled rich royal family member to mooch off your tax dollars. Talk about Welfare Queens.
Guess what Fox news know one gives a flying fword
Whoop-di-doo.
Big question now is.... What happens to the surrogate mother?
I went to all the different News agencies to read the comments on this subject and Fox supporters are the only ones being hateful on this. I know your all freaking out because the baby is biracial but the mom is half white and the father is full. So the baby is gonna end up looking caucasian. And this will probably be the healthiest baby they've had in centuries... have you looked in their family tree? That family's monarchs have a long history of marrying their cousin and the Queen is a prime example her husband aka Harry's grandfather is one of her cousins.
MEOOOWWWWWW.  How about CONGRATULATIONS to the new parents and WELCOME to the world for this child. Live long and prosper, young prince. You have a rocky road ahead if these comments from TOTAL STRANGERS are any measure.
Really? This is news? Im fkn flattered.
Not to late to abort it if you fly to New York. They’ll scramble its brains and flush them away gladly. Just go to what some call the greatest city in on earth
So?
What's the empire called?
Just what the world needs; another self-entitled leech.
Tell us, Harry. Who is your real DNA daddy? Who's your father?

Actually... we already know the answer, but we want to hear it from you. We want you to stop living a monstrous  lie.
Poor kid born into that demonic family. May the Holy Ghost save  that child’s soul!! Why didn’t Harry flash his famous devil horn hand sign in this interview???
Oh!   So Very Thrilled To Hear This News,  NOT!
It's a boy! Welcome to the community.
Rich European Aristocrat gets hustled by an American Tramp ! We've heard the story before !
I don't know why so much people jack off to this nonsense
Yaaaa... I don't care
A ginger Afro is a must for coolness.
Oh boy...."ROYALTY" .... in the current year....lol
It's A Beast!
fluid gender no name...
 (no soul?!) is now going to be called....
"BEASTY BOY!"...😈
ANOTHER REDHEADED MULLATTO INBRED IS HATCHED!!
They can name him Diana, isn't he supposed to be genderless? 🤔
Totally useless news.
Please explain why anyone should care.
Wish someone would tell Chelsea Clinton who her real father is.
Everyone is commenting saying they thought Harry and Meghan are going to have their baby be gender neutral. That is simply not the case. Those reports were just rumors, never confirmed. The Queen would never allow them to raise a gender neutral baby. Second, why can’t people just be happy for the couple instead of bashing them for nothing?!?!
Mulotto.
Oh great a gold digger divorcee just gave birth to a royal... Am I the only one that sees irony.🤣
So the surrogate gave birth. And now these loons will raise the child as an "it:. So sad
Popped one out that quickly, did she?!?!?!?!?!?!?  OK then.  .  .  nek minnit!
Life is so incredible. I never liked this couple but genuinely felt happy for them.
A black ginger! Gross!!
Another Royal Satan.   
How many shares does the little puke already have in the World Bank/IMF Globalist scam.
That homely baby doesn't have a drop of royal blood in him. Harry is the product of his mother's whoring.
I wish I can live on tax payers. Must royal like
Praise God for a healthy baby! Congrats to them. I was praying for them. I am as happy for them as I would be for anyone, rich or poor. Babies are a blessing!
แรงเงา2
Congratulations to Harry & Meghan! What a heartwarming announcement! So glad all went well!

I'm appalled at the people who posted mean comments. There's an old idiom: If you can't say something nice say nothing at all," that continues to be good manners in today's world. Plus, this is about a new baby, created by God. We were all created by God and his 2nd greatest command is that we are to love one another. Where does all of this vitriol and hate come from?
It was hidden because it's all a scam... she was never pregnant and the child is adopted
Okay uhhh his not our prince we live in United States
Was the kid actually a baphomet born with horns and hooves?
I don’t care. Stop the invasion of Illegal immigrants. Fix our health care.
Thats a happy, English man, their secret haters, was praying for a girl because a girl, would not get, any Title at all. A boy will, He'll be an Earl.
Nobody cares. She got a knocked- up,  come-up. I'm sure the baby is very " interesting" looking. She is Pure Trash.
CNN reported about this for 20 minutes without one mention of white privilege.....hmmm
CONGRATULATIONS  MY  BOY  !  I  COULDN'T  WAIT  FOR  THE  TWO  OF  YOU  TO  MEET  HE  WILL  LOOK  LIKE  YOU  HARRY .
Lol why are the comments here so depressing and negative? Lighten up.. Be happy for other people's blessings.
Fox sharing the kool aid as usual. Doubt if she gave birth to anything except a pillow at her age and w her history.   The surrogate did all the work.
Congratulations Prince Harry😃
🍗 Oh look a royalnigger baby 🍉
Hit like if you couldn't care less
Is the baby black?
How bout that, another shapeshifting reptilian has been brought into this dimension.
Meghan Markle is transgender how miraculous
My friend's daughter just had a beautiful baby girl.  Where the hell were you Fraud News salivating over the birth?
Royal Blood my butt!  All of the so-called British Royalty are GERMAN SQUATTERS on the English throne, which should have been put out with the trash decades ago.
Harry is way too giddy giving the announcement for being a member of the “Royal” family. 
He can’t look into the cameras, he keeps looking down or away. He looks more nervous than excited.
•With all the “secrecy”
•Meghan’s overt belly rubbing overkill
•Harry’s out of character behavior
•Harry and Meghan moving away from the palace so to speak
•Harry and Meghan overruling the Queen and royal traditions, which is frowned upon and very rarely done...
Something seems off here.
If it walks like a 🦆 
If it quacks like a 🦆 
It’s probably a 🦆

I’m in the “they used a surrogate camp” and kept it quite (secret) so as to convince the public Harry has a biological heir with his wife.
Celebrities and elite use the Moonbump prosthetic often to keep the public unaware.
Looking at all the mean hateful comments.. Have y’all converted to be leftists Dems ??? 
    Conservatives are supposed to be the good guys ..   but just as dirty as the left here🙄
I agree.  If they have a baby girl in the future they should call her Diana.  That would be awesome.😃
I just had a massive Trump, after my coffee.
I thought it was going to be a gender fluid baby
Nobody gives a dam about British Monarchy
Was it a horse?
Now she can get rid of the fake baby bump and the real mother gets a big payday for being a surrogate.
it's a Zer!
Whoopee another satanic creature for the lucifering bloodline.
dios mio... la creatura...
As a Brit I can honestly say I don’t care about there baby , she’s no Kate Middleton
That baby is going to be screwed up because of Meghan.
Who cares what Prince Red and his concubine have?  It's just one one more inbred royal child.
Lots of chicks get knocked up and have kids.   Big deal.
Hope grandad captin  James Hewitt  is at birth
She removed her fake belly. Bet that feels good.    Wonder how the surrogate is feeling.   Hahaha NOT!!!!
Congratulations 🎊
Royals need exterminated...elites declared war on the populist ..better 1% die then 80% of mankind.. Opinion only so.
Good I hope it's black
Is he white?
Now she is going on a ride with a drank family driver 😂
[ A ROYAL BABY IS UNAMERICAN ]
A baby without a gender? Stunning and amazing!! 
Bah.
Congratulations 🎊🎈🎉🍾 🇬🇧 🇺🇸
What an unpleasant couple.  Meghan believes she's still a Hollywood star and was not even known.  Harry's a bummer.
Wow a lot of negative comments on here....🤨
Boy?  I thought “it” was going to be genderless...  because relevant.
Literally no one:
FOX: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry welcome first child


-_-
The racist are out on racist Fox news
Welcome Baby Jussie Sussex-Windsor!
That Surrogate had the baby
Meghan delivered nothing but a Moon bump
What a joke
Harry’s not even a royal he’s the product of one of Diana’s trists(ooops)
they gave birth to the anti-christ
Who cares.
They named it Mohammad
It's not a boy let it choose for itself.
No pictures yet!
I'm guessing he's dark skinned with a red afro.
So sad to read the comments.. All I wish is for the baby to be healthy and their family to be happy. May God help them conquer the challenges and give them peaceful mind. So happy for the Sussex Family😍😍😍😍
Congratulations! All the best wishes.
Poor baby. Hope that child is saved from those terrible parents.
Congratulations
Wait? A baby boy? I thought it was going to be baby genderless?
Ive always admired Harry...until now...Idiot!...you let your Little Head do the thinking for your Big Head.....breeding with that beast.....
Another leech born with a silver spoon up its butt. Royalty does nothing for the people, just leech.
WOW  CAN THEY REALLY SAY THAT!!!!!!!!!!! "It's a boy"    You can just bet that people are going to scream about this one. IT'S NOT A BOY. IT'S AN IT. Remember we can't have anyone have a true gender till they are at least old enough to vote. Congrats to the Royal Couple. Enjoy your baby boy and raise him to be a good Person and not a spoiled rich kid..
Congratulations to both of you Harry. God bless.
It must be nice to do 1week of community service , then spend the rest of your life hikeing taxes , our Democratic socialist runners are learning well , it's campaigning time .
Usually lizards are egg hatched. Sometimes come out from a hybrid subhuman. In that case, what we are expecting is another sluggish entity like its bastard parents.
No one should care about this criminal family, this baby as the same importance as any newborns in the world.
i bet they sacrificed their real first child to Bal, and this one is born from a diffrent woman, in its place.
Give me a break.
FINELY
first royal niblet...
nibberling or whatever you call Satan's spawn
No one cares
Does this young couple have any idea what an evil family they are members of? We shouldn't be celebrating another of Satan's spawn being born to them, we should be celebrating a successful cruise missile attack on their castle. The souls of the millions of dead killed by this family demand justice!
Too bad jimmy savile wasn’t alive ..the queen would surely let him babysit
They are using the kid to promote gender confusion
Brexit boy.
CONGRATULATIONS  MY  BOY  !  I  COULDN'T  WAIT  FOR  THE  TWO  OF  YOU  TO  MEET  HE  WILL  LOOK  LIKE  YOU  HARRY .
These comments are the reason so many people call the right racist. A man and woman had a baby. Like most babies, I'm sure it's so ugly it's cute.  I hope parenthood and family life brings happiness to them.
Watch out the queen will steal it for her anacrome human trafficking
omgawsh its always the orbital accuracy right to the crown of competency and correctly communicated content in valid solicited context, more radiant and effectively exquisite with each hour, etc. anyways, one might get the impression that the prince is not a fan of the tabloid trash press all the time, and that he might punish them if it were more appropriate.
Is this baby, Trumpie's? I want a DNA test done!
What colour is he?
Everyone jump up and down because some foreign idiot had a kid. It doesn't matter that the democrats are destroying the country, after all this is what's important after all.
Mystical.
God hates divorce and remarriage...congrats to the baby anyway.
Every life is a precious gift from God. This baby is no different no matter how you feel about his parents. Can you you just be pleased and stop with all the negatively?  If you can't be happy for new life, then just be quite. Take your hate somewhere else.
💩💩💩💩
With her dominant Gene of black skin color, there's a great chance will be light black skin baby in the Buckingham palace.
Latest: Baby has got Indian features
I wish them and their family all the best. Public opinion does seem to be turning away from having a monarchy in Britain though. Everyone has deep respect for the Queen, who has done an outstanding job over the years. The others don't really resonate though, and have managed to alienate themselves from a lot of ordinary people.
Did prince Harry just assume his child's gender?  Just kidding I don't have a brain disease..
..."Us"...Biracials are in the Royal Family....of course...
Satan is born!
Congratulations to Prince Harry
What ! Nine months passed already, that means she was pregnant months before they announced she was pregnant, congratulations to the parents, can't wait to see it, this should be interesting. 🚼🍼
I cannot wait to see Putin sets up his military bases in Venezuela. It is going to be EXCELLENT!
Sir De’Andre Trayvon Martin
For liberals, it's a baby without gender.
The royal shim
Will the baby survive ? Or did the Queen let ya keep this one ? 
Tick Tock!!!✝️
Privileged kids are now NEWS... News flash the majority hate ROYAL plantation owners. The main stream is so out of touch they actually think people care about spoiled silver spooners. Must be the 1 / 10th african angle or something.
Now that the installation of MM into the royal family, the installation of the Clinton NWO agent  into the Palace and the installation of the baby from the natural M_us_lim birth mother is complete, we know that MM's  handlers are very pleased with themselves.  Now they will re-organize the MM preggy pictures (timeline) by the size of the bump for the sake of "history" and buy beautiful prayer rugs for every domicile.
I am glad she is OK but I don’t care
Now Harry is really following big brothers footsteps! A son, wow!
Glad to see that at least three people in England are happy and living well..mulato privilege !
Who would 👎 the birth of a child??
As soon as interest in Meghans pregnancy reaches ZERO in the UK and Bookies stop taking bets on it SUPRISE SUPRISE Meghan gives birth to a child who is outside the TOP 6 in line to be King media interest in UK is WHO CARES its just a minor ROYAL who will never become KING
👨🏻‍🦰❤️👩🏽💙👶🏽
Nobody cares
They live lavish lives off of ppl taxes. Even "royal" cousins get a paycheck😮 bye royal family
Meghan Merkel and Prince slimery. We kicked royals out of America, the UK has shown why recently when it was the UK attacking our election, not Russia. China is the real threat anyway.
A healthy fresh lizard reptile, a boy?? Lol
Hey this isnt what i care about this is stupid why is all i can say
Why is this baby being celebrated at all... isn't he male, white, and just a little bit privileged??  
   Surely he should redistribute his inherited wealth evenly throughout the  "those without a voice" population.
First half royal half hoodrat born to this WOKE COUPLEOF NITWITS...I’m surprised they said BOY AND NOT BABY X...supposedly the hell demon Harry married said they would raise their baby gender neutral..Harry’s soo cucked by this trampY actress..what a shame he had to marry half black, radicalized, divorcée American tramp Megan markel. Hmm what willthis baby look like ginger hair Afro w freckles..? Ugh.
How much you wanna bet she will raise it as a girl
Thrilled and Congratulations from across the pond.
Congrats KIDS!!! Play nice!! Let them stitches heal!!
It’s official it’s gender nonspecific
Nobody cares
It's amazing how you ugly people would talk bad about a new born baby....well it surely is the devil inside you people... 🤢
