I didnt vote or care much for either Bush president, but that was beautiful. Well done. I long to go back to a time when we could disagree without demeaning the other. God bless their family and God bless America.
Real men can cry at the moment of grief. It takes a psychopath not to cry. R.I.P. Mr. President.
Pitch perfect eulogy from a son to a father.
Man, he loved his father very much...
What a great family.  God speed GHWB.
He honored his father with perfection. God bless the Bush family.
G. W.  Your father did leave this place Better than the way he found it...All that POWER and he used it to help everyone else on Earth, using NONE for himself!
Well done, President Bush. Your father is so proud of you.
Beautiful eulogy. May God comfort all of you.  You are in our prayers.
One can disagree with someone on so many things, but if you can laugh together with heart then I always find comfort knowing we can't be all that different. If at the core, we just want to get along.
That's how a eulogy is done people. Great work from a guy who has trouble opening doors.
George W, we all feel you, Mr. President.
A touching eulogy by a son for his father.
Beautiful Eulogy, almost got a little teary eyed
He and Barbara had 6 kids, 5 loved to adulthood, and 19 grandkids. 

Clue in White people, if you want to survive
Wonderful eulogy from a loving son to a great and cherished father.
43 is a pretty good man himself.  Having delivered two of these to women very close to me, it is INCREDIBLY difficult.  Well done sir.  Well done.
Former President of The United States of America, George H. Bush [Sr.] will be remembered. Our sincere, heart-felt prayers for the Bush Family! 😢💛
Dignity and Honor!! I may not agree with the politics of the Bushes, but as far as dignity and Honor they were miles ahead of what's in the Whitehouse now
Simply beautiful. Well done!
George W spoke of his father mostly as a man who loved family, friends and was a patriot for his country. Very heartwarming and moving.  
George HW Bush, the 41st President of the United States is one of the youngest Naval  pilots to ever fly in combat. He spoke reassuring words to our nation about the homeless and did his best to unite this country. In defeat he befriended the man who replaced him and kept the "Good of our country" in his thoughts each day.
Any man who lives such a life has done well. 
Godspeed, Mr President.
Wow!! Even though you have never been known as the best “speaker” that was Beautifully done George W. Say what you want about him and go ahead and disagree with his politics but there has never been a more down to earth President than George W he is someone that even the average joe American seemed to relate to. My family is originally from the Odessa/Midland area and my Great Aunt often talked about this she would often say if you did not know them you would have no idea they came from money. She said they never acted as though they were better than others in their small community. She did however say that W was a “little ornery” in her words which sounds about right. RIP to President Bush a Great American and part of what is still the Greatest Generation.
Respect from Pakistan❤
Really moving! 
A great way to honor the father he loved.
Beautiful. R.I.P 41 🙏🏼 Much respect
Wow....most moving....a greAt family
this is a man who truly loved his father
Beautiful, good look Little George. But we all gonna ignore the fact Bill's zoning off xan
You can see how much he loves his dad. That entire family love H.W and Barbara so hard. Hearing Jenna speak about her grandparents brought tears to my eyes. And G.W did a great job with this eulogy.
"...ladies of the night."

Bill's reaction... :))))))))
These damn onions!
President Bush 43 u honored your father very well. U are the keeper of the GOP flame now.
Ive never seen one of our presidents cry before... that was truly from the heart and well said
This was beautiful
R.IP President George H.W. Bush
I could not could have said it better. You may always agree with President Bush decisions, but he was a great man!

Trump could never hold a candle the acting president or as a man.
very nice tribute
he placed great value on agreat joke,so i chose simpson to speak
Wonderful eulogy. RIP President George H.W. Bush
That was a great eulogy and it had to be very difficult for the family to go through multiple days of a funeral.
Beautiful
Great speaker ,speech maker  God bless👍
Who was cutting onions at the end?... beautiful ❤
Thank you Lord Jesus for another beautiful example of YOU can do with one man or one woman. What a beautiful legacy of love honor and respect. At the end he will be remembered for the loving husband and father before being President. What will your legacy be? Romans 15:13
RIP Mr George HW Bush!!!
god bless the bush family,they are great people honorable
Cool stories I love hearing them
You were great on 911 to
Trump is Cyrus we need him now
That was so beautiful  ❤️
Beautifully written, beautifully delivered...such a moving eulogy from son to father.
Love him or hate him, watching W cry was hard to watch. :-(
George H. W. Bush a Republican with character, compassion and a moral compass.  The Grand Old Party may have lost one of it's best and brightest.  RIP
Safe journey rip
I just cried dammit
Very touching eyoulogy..From
BushJr..to his Dad
Rest in Peace..(Bush Sr)...
I didnt know Junior had it in him. Well done!
Well done Mr. President! Your eulogy to your father was perfect and he would be proud. God bless you and your family.
Can't believe I'm actually moved to tears by a George W Bush speech.
Beautiful and touching. RIP GHW Bush
I miss you pops till we meet again!!!
A wonderful tribute/eulogy to his father and US President.  Bush in command.!
A beautiful eulogy for his dad. You made him proud W.
Very well Said and Great Tribute to George H Bush.He was a good President and lead America during Tough Time Including  Fall of Communism, Break up of the Soviet union.
Rest in Heaven President George H.W. Bush.  I am so fond of George W.
nicely written speech, I almost forgot about all the war crimes
Beautiful speech, perhaps the best he ever gave after the one he made on 9/11.
Well done.💜
I cried dang it
God bless the Bush family.
A wonderful tribute. You are a true Daddy's boy
GWB is the only person who could not remember where he was on November 22, 1963 ... I was five years old and I remember exactly where I was ... say you ...
great speech. Rest in Peace 41
God bless the Bush family..
Best Speech Bush Jr ever gave!
Respect to the Bush family.
BEAUTIFUL SPEECH.  THANK YOU FORMER PRESIDENT G. W. BUSH.
That was the best.
Damn I cry,what happen to me?
Thanks for Bosnia Mr. Bush
Damn. what a speech.
im not crying u are
God bless the Bush family for their decades of service to our nation
God bless you Mr President
Outstanding dad and son!
THEY ALL NEED JESUS.
Rip Mr. President
rip ghwb...
Commercials even on a video this strong. One day we’ll have to watch a commercial before we can answer our phone calls. God bless the bush family.
How good was that. Really great to see and hear this.
A life in service for good is a beautiful thing
11:40 - Trump with arms folded shows he's against the words spoken an what they mean.
A beautiful eulogy.
My condolences to the family.
A good speech ....
Why are you slobbing his knob now CBS? You completely trashed both bushes every chance you got during their presidencies. Your fakeness is showing!
Never was a huge W fan and always thought he was a lousy speaker compared to most POTUS, but he got this right and flawless. Great Job Mr. President !!!
Imagine how jealous Poppy must have been in the summer of 63, thinking about how the Kennedy dynasty would go down in history after helping to disarm the world and end all wars.
Wow.... I had my disagreements with both Bush presidents but that was a very moving Memorial. Makes you wonder how people will remember you when you are gone
God speed Mr. President.
ads for eulogy?
Well done Sir !
That's straight from the heart, I respect the man and wish we had more like him. I remember George Bush Sr like more than I thought. Had a lotta laughs back then, as I was only 20 when he became pres I wasn't aware of the great man Bush Sn really was. Rip president, thank you for your war service. Thanks for caring.
Thank you 41
10:39Trump swallowed his pride after that 😂😂
What a great moment in history.
Come on CBS news, real classy stopping a beautiful eulogy from a son of his father to show an ad of some mafia cell phone game :/
God bless you
This speech bonds america
God Bless.....
This is what I always loved most about President Bush. He was always an amazing speaker! The most humbling thing seen from a funeral like this is seeing Republicans and Democrats sitting under the same roof, being civil, and treating each other the way everyone should be treated. It is something we obviously do not see everyday, and I appreciate seeing the respect.
"Its a big idea, a new world order"
Rest in Peace Mr. President.
Incredible
I love both of you Bush Sr and Jr very sad tonight
Very special!  Love this family!
Now hopefully the other one will croak
I don't care what color ,Creed a person may represent.. at the end of the day we all are one race the human race... My heart goes out to this family... Because it hurts to lose a love one.. especially a parent....
Probably George W. Bush's best speech EVER. You can hate their politics all you want (and trust me I did) but you have to honour his integrity as a great husband, father and leader. Rest in Peace Pres. Bush. I hope the 'incumbent' learnt something today
I like the Bush family
Never forget the Franklin Scandal
God bless. Peace.
Makes one think about all of those sons, daughters, mothers and fathers who cried because of the unneeded chaos, destruction and death spawned by George junior in Iraq and the middle east.
The idea is to die young, as late as possible
very heart felt on the memories of his father whom he looked up to. Its not easy to do an eulogy for your parents especially with humor, well done George....well done
Great tribute from a son to dear father.  I remember watching a commercial that I think had Arnold Schwarzenegger in it and George H W Bush in it when he was President advertising the USA.

RIP Mr George H W Bush sleep well sir
Great speech.
nicely done.
Beautiful and eloquent eulogy, my thoughts and well wishes sent to the Bush family. George HW was a good president, and I know his namesake son tries hard to be a good man too.
Where some people have a father, W. had a Dad. My father and I haven't always been close. It developed sadly after my mother passed.  Seeing this and Sully the dog choked me up.
I really like seeing fromer presidents together plus Mr 45. I really love politics its my favorite thing I know its crazy but I really like it. President Bush 41 was a good man a good president. It was nice to see president trump send a plane to Texas so the Bush family go to Washington god bless you trump. Rip 41. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
For all the hate this man received 10 years ago, I'm glad that people realize he is good person. He made mistakes, all presidents do, but he is caring guy, who did his best for his country.
All the First Women look great, especially Michelle!!
Never easy seeing a man like W cry.
0:17 wow, look at the Carters on the far right, they have been married for 72 years !...
You guys are being rude for putting ads through this ya know
Beautiful!
Didn't care for both Bush but this eulogy reminds me again that we're all only human.  Beautiful speech, brought me to laughters & tears.  R.I.P. Mr. President.
Great job President Bush! Wonderful eulogy and thanks for all you have done!  Though I was young when Bush Sr. was President, I experienced a good job by the second!  Nothing shows more of a true good man except when one can cry over the loss of his father!  I’m sure the left has much nastiness to say but that’s ok, they can stay bitter and hateful!  The rest of us can live a full and happy life until God calls us home! God bless the Bush’s and God bless America!!
Wow!
At the 5:10 minute mark...that's quite a juxtaposition of imagery and spoken word. 

It just disturbs me how media functions. Facts and history almost have no bearing on "the narrative" anymore. If it is said on TV...if it's widely livestreamed...it becomes reality.

Even if it's not...
Just remember Bush Junior you just lost one relative there was a people in Iraq then lost multiple relatives based on your lies on war on terror
Mr. President Bush 43, know that you have touched many lives with the wonderful eulogy for your father. I would surmise that most people do not understand the sacrifice that a presidential family gives. Some might find it glamorous and powerful. I see it as incredibly demanding and an unselfish sacrifice for your brothers and sisters around the world to say the least, especially for those that know what they are in for. I would have to say they are all definitely courageous. All of them. Father and son to be presidents...however...well you know, that is wonderfully unpresidented...or..unprecedented.
Beautiful ♥️🇺🇸
The new world order can die. With him too !!!
https://youtu.be/MADYzQstpsU
No More New World Order .. No more one World Government .. Stop the CIA from  selling Heroine ..
Buck Fush
In another universe, JFK's son is eulogizing his recently deceased father. He too mentions his WW2 service, his commitment to his family and his country, his dismantling of the profit driven American war machine and his championing of a truly equal society where everyone regardless of status or race gets a REAL chance at success.

In that universe, the orange abomination isn't sitting on the end of the front row either.
What a smart man to be president after the air force
Jeb 2020
Rest in peace
Wanna buy some wood?
🙏❤
I miss this president
R.I.P
Beautiful eulogy. He was so stoic until the last 15 seconds. Brought tears to my eyes. Have no idea why Drumpf even went. He sat there with his arms folded as if he was having a temper tantrump (pun intended🤣) and made it awkward for everyone else!!!
Very emotional
He's pretty  HILARIOUS although his father was a way better president
"Lost" records of George HW Bush's company"
Zapata's filing records with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are intact for the years 1955–1959, and again from 1967 onwards. However, records for the years 1960–1966 are missing. The commission's records officer stated that the records were inadvertently placed in a session file to be destroyed by a federal warehouse, and that a total of 1,000 boxes were pulped in this procedure. The destruction of records occurred either in October 1983 (according to the records officer), or in 1981, shortly after Bush became Vice President of the United States (according to, Wison Carpenter, a record analyst with the commission). After Jonathan Kwitny unearthed duplicate copies elsewhere, Bush admitted through a spokesman a brief business relationship with Jorge Diaz Serrano, which he claimed lasted just 7 months, yet which the duplicate SEC filings made clear in fact lasted 4 years. They also established that the relationship involved both breaking Mexican law and keeping US shareholders in the dark about the deal - a violation of US law.[2]
I can't help but notice Donald Trump sat through this eulogy (and other times during the service) with his arms crossed and with a quizzical look (or perhaps something else) on his face
dab
고인의 명복을 빕니다.
Nothing like celbrating the death of a war criminal.
What a stark contrast the elder Bush was to Trump - exact opposites.  Even Trump with his arms folded near the end of the eulogy, and looking uncomfortable, couldn't have missed the irony in the contrast of their lives.
Great ..Great ..Great...
Ads on this? apparently, nothing is sacred anymore.   RIP G H W B
Great Eulogy
A very well thought out and poignant eulogy with some messages for Trump,. But for Trump it is too late. I am no fan of George Bush but he loved hid dad and I can appreciate and admire him for that. I liked his father much more and believe he did as far better job in leading the country.
I did not care too much for his politicking, but he was a good man; and my heart weeps for the Bush family for their loss. We all have parents; some living - some long since gone. If yours is still alive, please tell them everyday that you love them and how much they mean to you. One day you will lose that opportunity, and believe me, you will miss it dearly! I extend my utmost and sincere condolences to the entire Bush family, and I pray that their faith in God will help to guide them through this time of great loss and sadness.
Haha
Who can tell me how many millions of deaths, home and abroad, were caused by the men (and one woman) sitting on the first two rows?
Very very nice speech but why did u invade Iraq. See now. People are living in suffering. You seem to be a nice father to somebody but you should have not invaded Iraq. If it was  Sadam Hussein then you should  have found another way to get rid of him and not to drag a nation into suffering.
Can CBS remove commercials for emotional things like this?
Trump 2020
Anyone using this as yet another excuse to bash Trump should honestly consider swallowing a bottle of pills already.
He is getting old
Dad also taught us how to invade
Trump is the least qualified in that room and theres a dead man in there also. Let that sink in.😐
The history books will remember you as a ?
Trump crossed his arms. The proof is in the pudding..
Are you  listen Trump I hope you  learn  something  for those  mans
FCK TRMP
Is this a stand up comedy or a funeral
Awwww White Supremacy
bush for mexican!
He didn't mention his father's famous quote: "If the American people knew what we had done to this country, they would chase us down in the street and lynch us"
Yesss! And next month... the U.S. government and the nation's main-$tream media machine will clever-lie distract the American population with ANOTHER six week funeral for $enator McCain! Hooray!
Good riddance!
Bills mouth was open the whole damn time!  Geez!!
As I said before and I say it Again, I would've been satisfied with a Third Bush, with what is going on in Washington Now.
Trump is like, can i tweet?
rip, mr 'cop a feel'..
Like father, like son, war monger. Too many Americans have died. GW makes me sick!
Your dad was the cause of millions of deaths around the world.  How does that feel?
Trump understand  18% of it and the rest didn't matter to him. Mr twiter
Like father like son; full of crap and should have gone to jail.
Trump folded his arms after the remark of showing empathy...  he knew it was a message to him
I hope this can show Trump some character...
😴
I never like Bush. His presidency was terrible but he always had a way to be a good joker.
George W Bush, I disliked you as a president. Come back. 45 is disgraceing the office you and your father held.
Great service except for the smug looking embarrassment called Trump.RIP 41.You will be missed.
I was never a fan of W. but this was great. I can't believe that someday Trump will get one of these; I hope he was listening to the part about character and pedigree
Thank god for President Trump. RIP Bush
My father was a criminal, so I am....
Shame they aren't both gone from this planet 😕
