very, very, very, tremendous, very, incredible, tremendous, thousands upon thousands, very, very, very, some people say, most people say really, everyone has told me, tremendous amount of wall ...
POTUS  Bone-spurs rambles about Vietnam and his new up-coming summit speech in Hanoi and many, many other items called STUFF.
Want a fun drinking game? Take a shot every time he says "very".....
I'll meet you at the hospital.
I have heard drunks at bars who are more understandable than this guy? He talks like a 5th grader!
I guess Mexico isn't paying for it
I'm reading these comments and some of you have never experienced common sense and it shows.
this is an Orwellian nightmare coming true!!
So who fact checks the fact checkers? Not agreeing or disagreeing with them but these "Fact Checks" by biased news media sources are meaningless.
Funny how he says China doesn't have a drug problem when that's where a large portion of fentanyl is made
Do people around this pusillanimous orange flummery have any idea of how stupid he makes America look?
If it's such a national emergency, why did it take nearly 5 minutes to tell us?
Sorry I fell asleep during his speech
Hey Donnie!  You could always burn down the Reichstag's and declare a national emergency, oh wait!
Lord Jesus here we go.
No matter how tall and indestructible the wall is, people will just turn to underground tunnels to smuggle in.
Walls work 100 percent! Tell that to El Chapo and his tunnels!
The insanity in his rambling is so obvious, that if you do not see it, you should see a doctor
...Who know what that means because it only meter if we get it done... Lol what?
He sounds like a rambling old man (well, I suppose that's what he is - so no surprise there then) !
Trump thinks a veto proof majority in both houses is a national emergency.
How can Trump declare a National Emergency and then go to Mara Lago on the same exact day for a weekend of golf and leisure?
Here's the life cycle of all great nations..


1) Rising/conquering stage
2) Prosperity/Innovation/Power
3) Comfort/Security/Contentment
4) Boredom/Complacency/Laziness
5) Stupidity
6) Collapse


Anybody else get that horrible feeling like we've made it to stage 5?
ELECT A CLOWN, EXPECT A CIRCUS
Why did this guy cut in while Trump was speaking 56:05?
"It was not only better, it was like, 100% better." - Donald Trump.
 The words of the greatest orator of all time.
The president wears a super huge diaper and he fills it daily.  God bless him.
I thought all the Drug trafficking STOPPED after locking up Chapo Guzman!!
So that's why trump beefed up the military budget
Bigot fool!! Hit the WALL 👀🤣😂
Good! Build the security wall. It's obvious, the Dems don't know what's good for our country.
God bless President Donald J Trump, '45!
The strangest thing about this is not only the hypocrisy on his part, but also, this goes against one of the core conservative principles. Smaller government
Nothing like so,me good ole fake news!
Thank you for putting Americans first, President Trump!
In order to have order, you need boundaries.  Build the wall! Trump 2020!
Quick! Emergency! We’re out of milk! And we need a wall! 😂 Straight to courts!
Mr. President you are the Best!!!
This is good, finally the security we needed down there so tired of foreign opportunists and anti national rhetoric.
They go around the wall and in 🤣🤣🤣
@20:15 And they just cut him off with some bs news anchor who wants to tell you what he thinks? We are here to hear the president. 
Thumbs down.
Pos would interrupt the President during his speech.  No one wants to hear what you agenda driven faux journalists have to say.
So glad the wall is going to be built.

Anyone that is against it lacks common sense.
Sometimes it's okay not to smile.
Trumps wall is symbolic of the West rejecting globalism and corporatism, which is why the MSM and Washington elite are so opposed to it.
Melania's parents are in this country because of 'chain migration'
20:35 SHUUT UP Trump is still talking!
Alright guys, the wall is happening, and it is happening to keep us all in.....
Does this man ever think before he opens his mouth? 🤔🤔🤔😳😳😳
Dear Youtube ...
The problem is I hate the president so much. I tried to ask him a beautiful well thought out question and he shut me down.

I was not even allowed to respond! 
Why?
Build the WALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!
Tallest Tower falls just like the Babylon Towers 


Allways trying to underestimate ignored the rights of this hard working family abuse her entirely she will squash all into it all over usa and the world un it
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
TRUMP 2020! HE'S AMAZING!!
If i ran a country.... YOU DO RUN a country...  
Who do you think you're fooling?
Yeah Right sure..
You pulled the wool right over our eyes 
SO many times with all your lifes.
Who do you think you're fooling,  
Yeah right sure!
Keep doing your thing dude!
does anyone know the annual follow-up costs?
such a structure must be maintained
Putting hand in the cookie jar
This guy knows con games!
NON-NEGOTIATING NANCY AND HER SHADOW, SCHUMER NEED TO STEP DOWN. THEY CANNOT DO THEIR JOB!
I never remember a President brave enough to speak without a script for such a length.  Some say rambling, I say plain talk without help.
To serve and protect
Not Trump’s wall. OUR WALL. See ya in 2020 Trump! Can’t wait to see their tears for round two😂HE’S SO RACIST THOUGH🤣
Why did you cut him off at the best part?
It isn't relevant if 'the generals' think Congressional appropriations are a good idea.  Congress passes spending BILLS.  They're laws when they become effective.  The Executive doesn't get to appropriate.
Cool content, just subbed!
52:44 declares National Emergency.
I thought that how Democracy works is by the people electing a President who then has a mandate for his policies.
Impeachyay Umptray!!!!
Amazing job president Trump!
Are u kidding UK hates u.
WHO  IS  THAT?!?!?!   

hopefully all attendees were entertained by that old dimwit's vapid grandfather stories.   

such  IGNOBLE  &  DIABOLICAL  CUNNING  to use other people's sufferings as  CLICKBAIT  for personal AGENDA!!!
If so many drugs are being trafficked into the United States isnt that a U.S. problem more so than a Mexico problem? If Americans are buying so many drugs, building a wall isnt going to help because the drug addicted Americans are still going to be in the country and they're going to find a way to get their drugs regardless of a wall or not.

The solution is much, much deeper than just a wall, Trump does not seem to be able to comprehend that concept.
Good job Mr. Trump!!!
Emergency Declaration starts at 5:48
"When they are stopped, they are stopped at legal ports of entry."  I believe that truth.  What about when they are not stopped?
One very important key factor you guys keep leaving out human trafficking is through holes in the wall lot more kids have ended up on the missing list where are these children going
Gotta protect this man!  The cartels are ruthless! USA USA USA
This is hard to watch.
"Fentanol" "Chiner" "Obby"
These are ofensive, racial hour long speech.
Such an emergency, he waited on it for the first 2 years of his presidency when Republicans owned Senate snd the Congress
Ww3 is only inevitable
SO MUCH MONY GIVE SOME TO THE SCHOOLS
Red castle Green castle!
Please come to West-Europe and make a stop to the problems we're having!
The insanity starts at about 36:40
What a disjointed rambling mess.
Anons already knew
Reuters on China. Real news!
So mad trump keeps winning
Cartels control the Border and the Politicians in the area

El Chapo will pay for the wall
Great leader!   The wall is to let people in! People who have nothing to hide and want to enter the correctly not illegally!
Impeachment imminent.
🙄🙄where is his wife and where is Pence?lmbo
"NANCY KNOWS IT,CHUCK KNOWS IT THEY ALL KNOW IT"
Your turn 9th Shitcuit Circus, make sure to reference 10 USC 2808 and 33 USC 2293.......
Under funded schools, and citizens without medical coverage those are state of emergency.
A fricken wall  is a con man joke.   Poor tax payers paying the bill cause the wealthy got the  tax breaks...funny if it wasn’t so sad.  Russia keeps on winning.
Why does Trump breath soo loud..🤔🤔
The Rambling of an unhinged Idiot is always painful to see, but as POTUS, absolutely tragic. He should be in a straight jacket.
El Chapo card about to be tossed in. Trump grabbed that guy really fast.
Border not a Natl Emergency, climate change is . As a matter of fact according to gore the world should have already ended. So it's not the Invasion of Illegals. We should all take our unicorns 🦄 to work today , NOT your foreign made vehicle.
We all knew that this president will run the country the way he has run his businesses,no wonder he has filed for bankruptcies many times ,without oversight he would have bankrupted this country in his 1st year not to mention his lawless acts now celebrated by billionaires who profits off of it,god bless the hardworking people in d.c keeping him in check.
he's taking money from the military and other national recovery systems...weakening us for an attack from Russia?
The Liar-In-Chief at it again.
Somebody is gonna Rock his Neck !!!!!!! I Hope so !!!!
YOU KNOW that tripled spaced grade four reading level pile of papers in front of him paper actually said Gang Members, not "Gang Monsters" The man cannot read. 1:00:44
Mexico shouldve built a wall back when the gringos were migrating there
THE WALL NOT IS FOR THE IMIGRATIONS, THE WALL IS TO PROTECTION TO THE COMUNISM!!  RUSIA-CHINA-MEX
Great man great hair great suit really a true American someone that cares about the people god bless you president trump
Wow! Springfield has had his monorail, let him his wall. We'll visit it to remember how stupid they where.
Donald Trump's give up on that wall this is unnecessary
gop thinks the earth is flat .
National emergency beautiful 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸✅✅✅✅✅✅
The vast majority either do not want a wall or don't care.  We must not make decisions based on off the cuff remarks.  Mr. Trump's remarks are not based in fact.
Death penalty for drug dealers. Get it done Mr. President.
Trump just submitted a National Emergency declaration saying he's changing the national anthem from The Star-Spangled Banner to Pink Floyd's "We Don't Need No Education." Both 'don't' and 'education' will be misspelled.
Since Trump has already previously declared Opioids a national emergency, shouldn't that already give him the power to build a wall to stop the opioids?
trump for president wooooooo, lmao
Trump made the right decision.
Clinton, Bush, Obama all declared national emergency. The media even did not put them on the first line of the news.
"I didn't need to do this...but i wanted it done faster'. /facepalm    remember those words.
How can he justify taking money from the military? That money is supposed to go towards housing repairs, hanger repairs, dock repairs, etc. So does this mean none of those things will get done?
Build the WALL!!!  MAGA!!!
I was listening to trump and the tv guy cut in and started commenting....so I have to find an uninterrupted full speech.....
First step towards a DICTATORSHIP. 
IMPEACHMENT is the only remedy for an ILLEGITIMATE CORRUPT SOCIOPATHIC potus.
The House and Senate are now obsolete / redundant. A page straight from the Putin play book.
For the gullible and self ignorant, the CONSTITUTION just became simply a piece.
@msnbc @cnn @cbsn watch 1:06.35, POTUS clearly states “I didn’t need to do this” - is emergency by definition, the complete opposite? Point of debate right here!
con un abogado porque soy víctima
This lady has no clue.
When it's all said and done, he will have his wall. Regardless of what people think and say, as long as his base backs him, it's as good as done.
Walls don't stop drug cartels.
LMFAO 🤣
I DONT BELIVE YOU
MAGA! We the people are waking up. Just wait till the inditements begin then the liberals will really be screaming lol.
This is stand up comical. We got a caricature of poop that talks sitting in the White House.
So this idiot will declare a national emergency for a wall, but won't even entertain the thought of funding for health coverage?!?  What are we doing here?
I think the chemicals within the adhesive he uses on his toupee are getting to his brain. How did the wall in Berlin work?
HA HA HA...TRUMP HIT PELOSI OVER HER EMPTY HEAD AND SNATCHED HER PURSE! LMFAO!
"Sniff"
CBS is really trying to be #1 over CNN
Any person who uses a term "undocumented immigrants" is guilty of inciting the foreigners to invade and brake the law.
UNBELIEVABLE!
Hey I'm proud of trump he's doing alright. He's a good president.
Even if he gets two terms, that wall will be held up in dozens of courts while he's in office.
So how much do you think the giant tRump lighted neons sign on the "Wall" will cost"?
The Reality Freak show filmed live at 1600 Pennsylvania ave. has Putin and the Oligarchs rolling in the aisles
Wow! He looked like he had an issue walking to the lectern. Lying doctors!!!
Thank you Trump for sticking up for these victimised women and children who have become victims in trafficking. I have yet to hear other politicians speak about it.
yo no vivo enadera califormoa lo. testifico. con el poder nuestro padre.celestial Amen
Who cares, One way or the other?
Qin Shi Huang ever heard of him? It didn't work then . The list of dynasties is very long Qi. SU, Ming.
A Russian spy and his red sparrow wife!!!
36:28 START THERE
0:21:11 and he's still rambling over watching Sicario part 2.
He's losing it mentally...
Americans are so tired of this Anti-President Trump, Anti-American rhetoric.
Let Trump have 8 Billion, that is a small price to pay for the next Democrat president to declare climate change and gun violence as national emergencies.
I love Trump
Great love and respect for Trump. Built The Wall so we can -> Trump 2020.
Negotiation right?
This just made my day
That poll was taken at a university LOL, indoctrinated little shills took the poll. Ya, that's believable....
40:55 HEY LOOk its that rude clown Jim. ooh he looks soo nice now why is that?
bargaining
I hate how they say "HIS" boarder wall. It's not his. The American people voted him in to take action on those issues. I didn't vote for him. But I hate liberal media pushing their agenda by saying "His".
Yes!
Spanky's a National Disgrace
trump stopped the illuminati and saved the world keep him going and use your brain
I can't wait to see the Bundys face off with Federal marshalls sent by Trump to enforce the governmet taking of a Republican rancher's land.  That would be so interesting.
President Chicken Little
Criminals and Drugs 
I am so tired of this repetitive rhetoric.
Yet we can trust CBS statistics. Love how they have to tiptoe now, when media is so used to us buying everything they spin. Rather be wrong and go down with Trump, then the status quo of the last  30 years or so
barbed wire to stop weman who have been abducted and taped up  what a hero
I would think the Pentagon would like to see some highly capable critical thinkers for tomorrows cyber and technical battlefield. We are going backwards under tRump.
CBS what tools, to break in and interrupt the press conference.  They are so biased, they are bought and paid for by the democrats.
Trump best potus🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Maga 2020
Why, when I hover the cursor over the video's play bar do I see Trump talking, but when I click it, all I get is these CNN JACKASSES?
36:40 Those numbers though..
GET READY TO FILL THE FEMA CAMPS & SEEING UN TROOPS DOWN YOU'RE STREET
Does he realize he has just approved of something that President Obama did by taking ANYTHING credited to Obama and incorporating into his "National Emergency"?
And his “impression” of the president of China... was that necessary?
Thank You President Donald Trump !!!!!
 Cbsn is lousey news because so much you say is fake fake fake 
 FOX is the best for FAIR and BALANCE reporting , but you cnn cnbc abc cbs nbc and that b station  don't know the meaning of those words
#MAGA
This is a present for social democrats. Republicans and conservatives will live to regret this day. Today’s national emergency is the wall but 2020 is coming. Be ready declarations for gun control and climate change.
Trump is a National Disaster !
Gotta love trump !!!  Making America great again
Well, you can tell the political orientation of CBSN by how they started the video with propaganda and cherry picked data on behalf of illegal non-americans.
I’m waiting for this to be interrupted by "the price is right" 21 minutes into his speech
OK lets be realistic. In 2000 Illegal border crossing were at a rate of 1 million that year. That is far more than the population of San Francisco crossing in just that year. Yes! Illegal crossings are down to 400,000 this year but has increased from last year.. That is the population of Miami, Omaha or Raleigh crossing over in a year. Over 22 million illegals are in the country. That is larger than the population of Florida. Who makes money from it? corporations that donate to politicians, hospitals that are paid by us the tax payers, it goes on and on. Like Walmart having the government actually subsidize healthcare for its workers. The Koch brothers own a lot of detention facilities. Who makes money? They do or get cheap labor. Who foots the bill? The middle class. If you do not feel the pinch in your wallets, your lifestyle as middle class citizens, your crazy. That doesn't take in consideration all the H1B visas that get lower income tech workers to replace U.S. workers. Don't believe it? Look at what Disney did to their workers. Where I live it is becoming more like India that America. This is more of a colonization that immigration. They aren't in a lot of cases relinquishing any of their culture having us. Look at Somalis in Minnesota or Muslims in Dearborne, MI. Their rules not ours. So indeed there is a crisis and I want reporters like Acosta to quit lying because they are controlled by the corporations that benefit. Follow the money not the news.
His breathing bothers me.
Now before I start ,let me do my real state of the union ok everybody.Also the state of emergency,I don't really have to do right now,I could do it in some years.But you all knew it wasn't an emeergency already sooo yeah,moving on.
what an idiot, drugs are not coming through where there is no fence? but rather through the ports? CBS is a joke
The attempted coup has failed miserably. Time to pay the piper. It turns out the liberalism is truly cancer. There is a MAJOR national emergency. I hope the treason crimes are televised.
243 lbs huh, is the doctor dyslexic maybe 423, he cant even get his breathing under control, he wants to keep border under control
He won 1 out of 1,   hes been trying to be president since 2000.......use the google machine
Is it so hard to see that the president is sick?
i admit i may have a slight democratic bias. I don't hate the idea of a wall, i hate the idea of how we are getting it. I don't think it's a national emergency. Why can't Trump discuss that he'll put up a wall and enforce ports of entry around the wall. I feel like he doesn't sell the wall the way he sells his admiration for fascist leaders (Chairman Chi, Kim Jung Un, and Putin). He could've taken 1.6 billion to make some slats, collect data, use that to prove the success of a wall to get more. He could've made this process go longer to assure his 2020 victory. There is no foresight or strategy here. It almost seems like a kneejerk reaction to Pelosi. This hurts to see as a citizen. I believe in a Democratic process and want to see Trump succeed as he won the election, but he seems to not know what he is doing. Believing in a democratic process could be not voting for Trump but hoping he succeeds, and believing in a Democratic process also means believing congress controls the budget. This kinda broke me when it comes to Trump, and I'm an optimist.
Trump is a BEAST!!!!
There is crisis when thousands invaders attempt to stampede into our country and drugs smuggled in since we are the most profitable market in this part of the world. The wall is one main infrastructure needed together with many surveillance monitors both on ground and under.  President Theodore Roosevelt built Panama Canal and used the Army Corps Engineers to complete this difficult  project. The main reason for the canal was economic as well as security of the country.  The president wanted the US to be able to move navy ships quickly from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean. President Trump has the duty to protect our border and perhap uses the budget and personnel of the army.
Woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!
Also illegal crossings have gone down because of the wall.......
We are planning on  building walls in the real world, while Russia, and China, tear down Cyber Walls.
 tRump is a Danger to National Security
Did he imply he is looking into death penalties for drug offenses  in the United States?
"Trump " ,modern day Hitler.
Lol from 🇲🇽
Bravo Trump
I love how they act like only a few hundred thousand illegals a year is a good thing . ZERO is what we want
An hour of lies. Lying. How can people listen to this?
#BuildTheWall
If he farted for 40 minutes on the microphone, it would be more bearable than his awful improved comedy act.
I can't wait until a Democratic president uses a "national emergency" for climate change. The next potus could seize private lands, build solar panels, shut down coal power plants, and take away oil reserves in the Arctic.
I thought it was impossible to hate him anymore. I was wrong!
I have never seen such stupidity we do need a wall trump is right
Congress is in charge of appropriating the money.  Trump thinks he is the damn king and can do whatever he wants.
Trump @ 36:44
LMAO Trump is without a doubt the dumbest president in U.S. history.
This is an abuse of power and I hope this all gets tied up in courts until after he gets thrown in jail!
Its good also to hopefully put a damper on the human trafficking,  drug trafficking, and illegal gun trade, not to mention the possible terrorists that might come up through the southern border.
USA! USA! USA! 
Unlimited Stupidity of
Americans... good luck 🍀
I'm starting a kickstarter campaign to have his speeches all red by Billy West in Zapp Brannigan voice. That way the presidency will not be all for nothing. This is a straw poll to see how likely am I to succeed. Who's with me?
They are ILLEGAL Aliens, period.
What does "great again" actually look like??
Lol he just opened a can of worms...It's going to be a free for all and the end of the GOP. I was hoping he wasn't that dumb but hey...you get what you vote for....
I quit
Good news on the eradication of the Syrian caliphate? Wtf
why does he keep lying? he goes against every statistic, doesn't he watch tv in his executive time?
Now if we could clean up the ninth circuit......
Democratic gov. Cumo signed a state emergancy and passed the NY safe act out of neccesity for saftey when the shooting wasnt even in NY state...
If you are against building a barrier on our border. Plan and simple you are an Idiot.
I agree with putting up a wall and stopping all the illegal immigrants coming in but why so much money.
Great job Mr. Trump. Doing what you have to do; dealing with this unreasonable bunch in Congress. Border security is national security
The thing is 80% of illegal immigrants come by plane and just stay on over stayed visas
Since most white america is being killed by legal drugs....is he going to give big pharma the death penalty or  some in the C.I.A.  that has been revealed as drug dealers. since he is so concerned about drugs coming into this country. I highly doubt it.
That's what us sane AMERICANS WANT TRUMP THA G.O.A.T.
I watched this man on TV this morning. Where did we go wrong?
LOL!  trump blows a bone spur!
Wall is getting built! Deal with it! He promised, the left didn't want to help or play nice cause they need the votes, so he is making it happen. #MAGA2020
Breaking News  !  Obama’s wife “Big Mike” Michelle has been medically diagnosed with an Enlarged Prostate.
Our Prayers are with “Big Mike” as He/She undergoes treatment.
Learn the law. There is a reason the president has veto power, to keep congress in check.
Good job Trump love it #MAGA2020 You know the dems hate it because they love those illegals and put them before the AMERICAN PEOPLE............
Yeah cnn ask my wife she was pressured into marriage with her first husband that was illegal and he beat the crap out of her and we live in Florida!! Build the wall.
Fake news
The Constitution gives the House control of spending . This is an unconstitutional usurping of power and should be opposed by all patriotic Americans . His despotic attempt act is a form of treason because it breaks his oath of office to uphold the Constitution . Impeach now not later .
If you dont like it....MOVE TO MEXICO...SEE HOW THAT WORKS OUT FOR YOU!
Damn my brain hurts with this stupidity.
Democrats would use a state of emergency to gather guns if they wanted to regardless of what Republicans do or what Trump does. Also...the Supreme Court would decide if it was an emergency or not. Threats by the Left.
1/1
so these weman are getting taped tape over there mouths and your building a wall to stop them from getting help so you really dont care for weman and how they are being treated by men
Congress failed to do their jobs. 70.000 people dead from drugs that came through the border. It is a National Emergency. With Nafta gone then Mexico is essentially paying . The Wall Needs Built. CBS News needs to also report other Truths instead of continuing with the hate Trump media. Such There Was NO Collusion with Russia by the President . But Yes there Was Collusion by certain democrats with Russia and others. POTUS 2020!!
emigration can be control with big penalty for hiring them.........TRUMP is the biggest criminal in history of US..for many reasons!DANGEROUS SOCIOPATH!!
Would like to see someone go into these newsrooms while theyre airing live and put a gun to the back of these news casters heads and ask if they really beleive in all the Democratic BS they spout off their mouths with...then pull the tigger and tally up the yes and nos...
Democratic party’s complicity, is a national emergency. This country needs to get its priorities & interests in check... this years America sucks
>death penalty for “drug sales”
Boy oh boy, all those people that were put in prison for “intent to sell” for possessing one more gram than they’re allowed to have for consumption. 
Can’t wait to see all those Cannabis users get killed in prison for using it. 
Can’t wait to see police who WE HAVE PROVEN, plant drugs on civilians and get them the death penalty.
Re-election confirmed
ALL THIS MONEY AND THE DEFICIT AND THE NATIONAL DEBT STILL GOES UP....THINGS THAT MAKE YOU HMMMMM.......
What does a wall have to do to be 99% effective? Stand vertically?
Hes not sane. He has to be removed from office.
CBS replace all your staff with Spanish speaking border crossers of recent. Get out white privledge.
President Honey Badger!  🦡
For these angel moms, nobody is asking how the illegal immigrant actually got into the country.
1:18:10 trump is an embarrasment, dude cant back up his made up numbers.
I guess to trump this is negotiation. I sign the congress bill to get some money. I am not lying in the sense I did sign the bill. And this is a compromise. Then he goes to take money from emergency. This way technically Trump is not lying by signing. Then goes through legally to see if he can get money through the courts.
If the Great Dictator spends any money that was originally allocated for national defense on this border wall vanity project, then we need to vastly decrease defense outlays. Could use the money for health care, protection of the environment and education.
Republicans don't get mad when a Democrat president does it thats all im saying
So the funding bill for the federal government has been signed into law and 800,00 federal workers will not have their paychecks held hostage again this year. Apparently, some Republican politicians convinced Trump that another partial shut-down would be incredibly stupid.

Now the legal fight can begin to block Trump's attempt to use a faked emergency to over-ride Congress' constitutionally-protected power to control spending by the federal government.  Watch the Trump administration try to get approval from various Congressional committees to change how funding has been allocated to various federal departments, agencies and programs. Watch any committee chaired by a Democrat deny the request to divert funding. Watch for more Trump tweet-storms as his latest move of faking an emergency to end-run Congress gets blocked by Congressional committees and federal judges.  It is not just the Democrats in Congress who disapprove of this latest Trump scam. There are many Republican members of Congress who do not approve of Trump's attempt to reduce Congressional power and undermine the separation of powers outlined in the US Constitution. US voters will remember this this latest con job, from the Trump administration, when they go to their polling stations in 2020.
Did he give any data to back up his comment on drugs not primarily coming through the airport port of entry?
This is the moment in U.S. history to see  if Democrats can face their challenge to chew gum and walk at the same time.
Chew in a sense to get the IDIOT and his accomplices out before the IDIOT hands the world political balance to the enemies; and walk in a sense to lead the nation by our Constitution  without looking like KEYSTONE COPS, else we have TWO branches of IDIOTS.
Thank god for Trump
We totally agree with the president Donald J Trump in using anything that has in the hand of a super powerful nation in protecting the people of America. May God bless the president and protect him in the love of God. He’s really doing good things for people and country. He’s really a great gift from God for USA in the world Today. Nobody can take place President Donald Trump in 2020 election.
Uh. . . and uh . . . Uh
Pity that native Americans didn't think about building a wall.
Can someone verify for me that Shinzou Abe actually recommended Trump for a Nobel Peace Prize? Or is he confusing Moon Jae-in for Abe ("Obby")?
The drugs that are caught crossing the border are caught at crossings. The majority of successful smugglers know that too, that's why the drugs make it in.
So many disgraceful comments.  He is trying to protect America and Americans.  Let him and Homeland Security do their job.  If you hate him so much, leave.
What American people are they talking to. because majority of American people I know want a solution at the border?
consider not letting any more people into the country even legally......with robotics and artificial intelligence taking jobs.....our children face a smaller job selection
Every month, we are averaging an influx of 50,000 illegal immigrants between ports of entry.
The problem with cbsn is its fake news like 93% of media if you people can’t hear the truth and President Trump clear message of putting America first by making it safe you are all blind idiots full of pride a lot of people didn’t like Trump when he first came into office but if you can’t understand all that he has done and is doing to make America great than I suggest you leave this country because you obviously have no respect for America and it’s people
alas del borracho
Why is Politics on Main Street, did I speak to a Foreign Power? ....I don't, didn't have a job with security clearance needed. Why the gossip? Read the news and find American-born became Russian Spies and were charged for bombing data taken.
American citizens want a stronger US border wall. This is our wall,not Trump wall.
He is one of the most inarticulate, idiotic leaders, I have ever heard.... WOW... I've never seen a President from any party with the lack of depth to their answers or that repeats himself as much as Trump.
President? ... nah .... Dictator crybaby  Trump
If congress had done their jobs and given the money to build this wall this could have been avoided. DNC have taken money from cartels for years and need to answer for their crimes.
Basically he is honest in the sense he signed the bill and took as much money from congress as they can. He didn't lie to congress about going to court. Then he goes to the courts to get funding if he can't see eye to eye with congress.
It's not bypassing congress, he tried twice to give them the oppertunity to give the people what they wanted and they failed twice. That created the Emergency that avoids another shut down, in order to secure the border.
TRUMP     IS    A    MAN     MADE     DISASTER
trump hijacks other peoples pain and suffering to legitimize his bogus money schemes and political showboating. This man has no empathy for anyone and he certainly has no honor.
Imagine the future if we spent 23 billion on education instead of foolish racism.
lol n trump is written in the stars til 2028/2030
Talking about wise guys & fake news again? Just a plastic gangster with terrible hair!!
OMG.. Obama did declare a national emergency on climate change... Obama also declared a state of emergency on whats going on in the sudan.. Wtf does that even have to do with the state of the united states... Currently there are 31 national emergencies in effect.. Obama did 12 and clinton did 17... Nobody said anything about it..  You guys really are fake news! Chooo Chooo here's the clue train!!! Last stop Fake News CBS!! You guys are the news, it's your job to report facts! You should be ashamed of yourselves.
no. no ingles
Lmao there are less expensive ways to have border security with drones and high tech  surveillance, if I know this then Trump most definitely knows this. He wants a physical wall because a wall is a symbol of “NOT WELCOMED” throughout history we’ve seen what walls represent. Like i said If it was really about protection and national security there much much cheaper and effective ways of protection but this isn’t about that PERIOD.
Fewer and fewer? In 2016 census declared that we had 10% of MEXICO inside our borders illegally.
I'm pretty sure 40,000 people would go to the border to help build just like the Pentagon, once its final... also millions have been raised by charitable Patriots. It's going up.
Didn't he write a judge a letter requesting a break for his friend, the MAJOR drug trafficker, Joey Wiechelbaum??
no ingles
Mexicans aren't the problem though.
This is not a national emergency we don't need the freaking wall 😠 he needs four walls around him
I hope that many Republicans watch this speech in full. I am certain that many of them will come to the conclusion that it is time for Article 25:  The President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.
Stats of illegal immigrants “committing less crime than US citizens” is skewed by 1) vetted visa overstayers, a low crime group 2) unreported crimes in communities with people in US illegally 3) often legal status of people incarcerated goes unreported 4) deportations
If illegal invaders is at a 12 year low, what about the caravans? Is that fake news? Democrats are crisis deniers but not climate change deniers. Pick and choose your reality,
People are obsessed with money, thinking that it will bring one further and higher in life. Considering the physical life on Earth, maybe,  granted !. But we all know that nothing physical goes accross to ''after death''. Ascwell, no one has ever come back to say that the knowledge gathered in this world does not serve in the ''after death''. IN a matter of ''taking a chance'' I would rather gather knowledge and wisdom, just in case...!
This is just a shameful anti America site full of antifa libertards and democraps
90% of all illegal drugs and other contraband come thru legal ports of entry! 

A wall alone will fail! 

He had 25 Billion a year ago! But Kelly, Coulter, Limbaugh,and Hannity all said no! After Trump Agreed less than 24hrs later he flips! That is on the Public Record! 1.6 billion he first said Yes! Then Coulter and Limbaugh spoke and he flipped again! Also on public Record! 

If the high courts accept this case and rule in his favor Republican's will rue the day! Access to all types of Guns will change! And Congress will not be able to overcome it! 

REPUBLICANS BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR! 

IT WILL COME BACK AND BITE YOU RIGHT ON YOUR A___! 

YOU OPEN THE DOOR BE PREPARED FOR THE RESULTS!
Poor FATUS.....I got about 8 minutes in and he looked so lost and confused. Worst president of modern times and he keeps sinking. So sad and so many Republican snowflakes that followed him. Like rats in a sinking ship are Republicans in 2019...who would have thought?
❤🇺🇸PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP, FOREVER!🇺🇸❤
YES!!!!! Build the Wall....finally. America first!!!! Keep crying haters!!!  BOO HOO
Can’t wait for the next order of emergency regarding climate change and gun control..  I hope the next president be radicals and stupid like this one and take your guns away
The People That dont support trump just dont want to support his wall Hence Its Bias.. They think its to blame a woman..they think its to blame russia... They think its to blame A certain Document... Welp.. Thats the democrats for you guys they had time to explain... Im very very very Tired of not getting my answers also being attacked By DEMOCRATS!!!
No mames
Good.
The real national emergency is the president of United States so simple ....crazy fool🌵🌵🌵🌵👺😁
Free el Chapo!!
Trump lost his fight for funding. He hurt this nation more than he has hurt Russia trying it. The boarder is older than Trump. This is not an emergency. This is going to be the path the Democratic Party can now use to end gun sales, declare green law, fix healthcare. This non emergency will fall on McConnell. McConnell has just ended the control the senate has over a president forever. This strikes me as radical not conservative. This ends bad.
CBS how disrespectful of you to cut out on his speech at 22 minutes! What is wrong with you cutting him off! He's our elected President! Disgraceful behavior on your part.
Good Lord - having to listen to these idiots before and after POTUS ... painful! God Bless our POTUS!!
I am watching this and I can't understand how ANYONE could not agree with Trump's common sense.  Trump wants the death penalty for drug dealers.  Guess what?  That would deter drug dealing here, the same as this policy did in the Philippines and China.  Common sense does not register with those who live in delusion denial and deceit -- that is a fact!
Leftism is a mental illness
I am a liberal but i am happy the wall is being built! Listen we waste far more money on things that do nothing for this country like the 100s of billions being spent on this war! Yes we are currently at war overseas but we are so detached from it over here. We need to spend all that money on this country!!! 8 to 25 billion is nothing in the long run and we will have a wall that will last a lifetime!!  Build the wall!!!
Tienes temor
The national emergency is the russian mole planted in the White House named donald trump. The USA courts will be busy with trump's so called "national emergency" funds to build that wall. trump steals from the poor to give to the rich.
I saw Betos "rally" , where he said, that in the last 10 years 4000 women, men and children die in an attempt to cross the border illegally. Let's believe him and his stat (should be ok for democrats, I assume). A wall would probably stop the majority of these attempts = less dead people. (not everyone is a good wallclimber, right?)
Who cares about drugs etc. It can potentially save lifes. What's the debate about then?
GO TRUMP !!!!
I'm Portuguese and I live in Portugal and I too would not want to be invaded by hoards of 3rd world sub-human animals to wreck havoc in my country built with HARD WORK, BLOOD, and TEARS 
There are CHANNELS for people to apply for immigration and there is the LAW ! 
GO TRUMP !
PROTECT YOUR PEOPLE !
Cheeto is testing out how far he can go to become a full-on autocrat.  What is next?  No elections in 2020?  He did just sent the Dictator of Egypt "congratulations" on "winning" an election where ALL the rivals were jailed or otherwise disqualified from opposing him.  Trumpsters, you are blind like religious fanatics (which some of you ARE, anyway) if you accept the rape of our Constitution and embrace this uncivilized con-man with your sickly blind loyalty and your my-way-or-the-highway, non-democratic thinking.  The base truly are "deplorables."  Hillary was totally spot-on.
I love Donald Trump
Why does Trump keep saying the the trade agreements will bring in a ton of money to the treasury? Trade benefits do not go into the treasury, unless you tax them.
CBSN propaganda news network sucks!
Rolls eye at This cheeto.. Wow he is a sad man..How can you tell when Trump is Lying? His mouth is moving..That is the new joke hitting on line anymore..so sad..so much double talk and repeating himself..He is trying so hard to convince who about his lying.. He is fact checked over and over and he lies.. A specially about the southern border..A MAJOR LIAR!!!!!!!! and in the end it is all grounds to Impeach the Cheeto LOL
THINK AND GROW RICH !!!!!!!SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP!!THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!
Thumbs up 👍👍👍 if you want to see Trump and his administration go down like Joffery from #GameOfThrones
This guy is so stupid.  How does he still have supporters?
crying dems are anti americans do away wiyh them.
It is so funny to me that the legislative body of this nation and Governors and state Attorney Generals begin lawsuits once POTUS declared a state off emergency to get his border wall, and keep in mind I am NO supporter of President Trump.  However, the same legislative branch working with the DOJ allowed or I should say gave a directive to the BATF to ban bump stocks and any rate increasing device for firearms.  So, going into the next election year the House and Senate who should be making these laws shreds the Constitution in the same manner by having the BATF with a pen and directive re-write the law after they already said bump stocks and other "Rate Increasing Devices for firearms" were not only NOT an automatic weapon device under the national firearms act and allowed the sale of these devices but now if you don't forfeit these formerly legal devices you become a felon and go to prison.  What about illegal search and seizure and the Constitutional right protecting U.S. citizens that are gone.  They don't want these devices they want the guns.  Bump firing an AR type rifle doesn't need a device.  Holding it just right and allowing physics to do the rest will cause automatic like firing from the fore-mentioned rifle so what will they ban next our fingers?  No, the Diane Feinsteins of the world want to ban our guns.  The political swamp in D.C. doesn't have a drain hole.  Our forefathers are looking down in shame as this great experiment in democracy has become the worse case scenario of itself.
GO  PRESIDENT  TRUMP  !!!  SHOW  THE   DEMORATS  WHAT   TIME  IT  IS  . I  WILL  VOTE  FOR  YOU  AGAIN  MR  PRESIDENT  . ELCHUMPO  HAD  YOUR  MONEY  SO  TAKE  IT
Parkland was staged. Fact. 100%.
The real national emergency is having human garbage for a president!!!  25 45 and quick!!!! We need to remove this obviously, mentally ill, TRAITOR in the Oval Office!!!!!!!! And, we need to get rid of Mitch, the Con, as well!!!
cbs fake news network
17000 Americans died from fentanyl last year, 109 people a day die from opioid related death, people are trying to rush our border by the thousands.. in my mind those are National emergencies. All loopholes need to be closed getting rid of incentives for illegal migration.
Chairman Kim has economic potential? Taken advantage of America? Fact checks please! These social problems will not be solved by a wall. Beef up border security, fine. But if you want to do something about drugs and overdose then spend that money on helping the people who are buying,  stealing,  dying,  and killing for it. A wall can't stop that
Spanky has to borrow from Paul to pay off Peter. Now he has to declare a National Emergency to pay off Peter. Spanky is a joke Spanky trying to get the money out of the White House couch cushions. Spanky jonesing and Spanky think he chilling like a villain but he just waiting to go to jail. The big house has a lot of medieval walls they want you to take a look at.
Trump is the best POTUS ever !
Goodbye America !
Please see human trafficking for the horrific disgrace that it is.
Trump harasses the press so much. Such a whiney child.
The wall is a waste of time and money people can just dig under it
This is the out for him. He can’t risk another shutdown and continue to tank his approval rating. Declaring this as a ‘national emergency’ is a gesture for his base and personalities like Coulter that “Hayy - I’m doing something!”. This act will then be bogged down in the courts while any actual progress on building the wall is futile given how the FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ARE ABSOLUTELY HOPELESS AT BUILDING THINGS ON TIME AND UNDER BUDGET.
Well done Mr. President, those who don’t realize we have a national emergency, just travel to one of our southern borders and see, I want my hard earned tax money to benefit my family and my fellow countrymen and I don’t want to benefit somebody who wants to cross the border for easy living! If someone wants to see the consequences of open borders - travel to Europe and see their pathetic situation now. We have to control and secure our borders for our future America, before it goes beyond our control. Well done Mr. President, this is what I voted you for.
well, the US has had a lot of pretty terrible presidents, but this one takes the prize. A complete lunatic who should be thrown out right now before he throws the world in a complete disaster. He's a total joke to the rest of the world.
Bout damn time. This combined with the Senate intel committee announcement....liberals are scrambling. Yet another promise fullfilled, and the left's main talking point sinking faster than a brick in water.
The US is a country that greatly over rated through out all these small towns and villages in Mexico and Central America.   The majority of people want to come here work send money home build there house and small store and go back home.   The political class are very talented at stirring up there baseball in the name of votes.  The wall will never stop people from coming here but will stop people from going back.  Trump is a racist and a bafoon.
His politic career pretty much like Adolf Hitler. Target specific group " illegal immigrant" Hitler "Jew" then use selection become leader. Both of them are orator good at acting.
What a stupid question one of the reporters asked:  I'm paraphrasing, he asked that most of the drugs come through the ports of entry, where do you get your statistics from?  If the reporter would stop to think then he would know that statistics are derived from known facts (ports of entry included).  How about all the drugs that come through unguarded borders?  I doubt that most drug dealers would try to get through a port of entry.  The logical choice would be through unguarded borders.
Trump for president 2020
How many felony are committed by illegal. Please show the statistics.
Anyone who wants the wall doesn't care about regular people trying to find a better life in OUR country. They're not all gangs and smugglers. We can't have trump in 2020...
I look forward to our incoming democratic president declaring a state of emergency on climate change and gun violence. Thanks Donald.
TRUMP AND HIS 'VERY GOOD RELATIONSHIPS WITH KOREA AND CHINA'; "WE'RE FRIENDS". I FEEL THAT HE WANTS TO BE IN THE BIG BOY BULLY CLUBS OF POWER AND FEAR IN THE WORLD. THIS MAN STANDS THERE AND TELLS BOLD FACED LIES!!! IT'S INCREDIBLE THAT THE PRESS EVEN BOTHERS TO ASK HIM ANY QUESTIONS. OF COURSE, BEFORE HE WAS PRESIDENT EVERYTHING WAS REALLY, TREMENDOUSLY BAD AND HE HAS BEEN TRYING AND ACHIEVING THE CORRECTION FOR THE USA. ALSO, HE'S SAVING THE WHOLE WORLD TOO. LIAR, LIAR!  QUOTE:"What’s good for liar? Brimstone and fire.”
I have watched fake news networks for years. I can no longer trust them. Not one second has been dedicated to telling us the Russian Collusion Story was false. It has consumed all networks for two years. I wouldn't believed it (that there really was fake news) but they have proved it over and over. It is evident they hate TRUMP but you'll see in 2020 America loves President Trump! He loves America and so do I! Thank God for the wall! It is not a fabrication it is a real crisis. The only fabrication is the 24 hour news cycle of CNN and all the rest of them. God bless America and God bless Trump! Wake up and smell the reality!
It may encroach on congress’ power but Obama signed more executive orders that took congress’ powers away than any president combined...
The main commodity the Mexican cartels are dealing in right now is human trafficking.
Get Ollie North in there with his old partner Elliott Abrams,  they'll find the money.
Tv channels already has their place on tV, do not suppory tv channels on youtube 👍🏼, youtube is for the people 👍🏼, support youtubers not chanels,
This makes me sick that the President has to fight to defend our border.
What this liar fails to tell Americans is that we the American people are paying his tariffs! I ordered an e-bike I have been saving for. I priced it last summer. In the fall I went to the dealer and the price had gone up over $200.00. Why I asked. Dealer said they used to make them here in the U.S.. Now they moved manufacturing to China and I had to pay the tariff fees to have it shipped here!!! Trump is the ultimate liar!!!!
We lost 25 American lives to illegal immigrants per day in 2007, when the illegal population was at it's peak. If that isn't a emergency, what is?
What's the point of the wall because as Trump just admitted that when they come to the wall they can't get in unless they turn left or right and go through where there's no wall. There's places along the boarder where they can't build the wall so why bother building any.
Apparently you don't need to be very smart to be president or to be old enough to vote. So, do something about cops using and dealing felony control substances, while randomly arresting and accusing innocent people, wasting their time, savings and reputations , who end up being acquitted. "Make America Great Again!" compared to when? Two of Trump's problems are time and space.Another is knowing and reporting actual, factual information in a coherent manner. Get the man a brain scan and some medical treatment.
Is he saying we should give the death penalty to drug dealers? A non violent crime? If only stupidity, lying, treason and a bad tan were cause for the death penalty.
I Love It! Mr. President, we stand behind you sir! All you Liberal Idiots that want to basically run this Country in the ground, Need to go jump the fence right over to Mexico, and stay there. We don't need no Liberal Idiotic Heathenistic Yellow Bellied Turtles Here in the USA! What Trump is saying is Completely 100% the truth. He can not be bought and thats why you dont like him. You wanted some Idiotic Murderous Lady as your President i'm sure she could win in Mexico, So Go Jump the Fence and Vote for her over there!
😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
Th
Google maps satellite view of Mexican towns bordering U.S.A  have bars on every window, door and even balconies. Lots of walls too. Gang graffiti at just about every corner. Why?
LOL.  If DEA sold some of the illegal drugs seized at the Mexico border, for legalized recreation purposes,  they would have plenty of money to build a really nice wall.  20 years ago the idea of legal recreational marijuana was a joke not taken serious.. maybe in 20 years from now there will be a form of legal recreational cocaine? But seriously, what is so wrong with DEA seized pot sold to regulated wholesalers in pot legal states?... and that money used to build a wall, and fund other DEA activities?
Gray State today starts the day of Martial law will see how fast things accelerate from here
With you all the way Mr. President.
I realy dont understand the stupidness of this reporter. Most of the drugs is coming true the ports?? There is no crises cause drugs trafficking figures are coming down??
😁😁😁 keeping promises...trump 2020
There was already a wall.
It emerged from the human heart.
I love President Trump! He is doing what We The People need and want!
ooh excuse me, excuse me , belive me belive me , mexicos going to pay for the wall .
lol mexico is paying for it
A HUMANITARIAN CRISIS!!!! The only humans that person worries about are the upper 1%. People on disabilities are drowning. Low income families are starving.... IMPEACH!!!! His racism is blatantly obvious. His daughter married a rich Jew. I am not a rich Jew. But anti-semitism is at an all time high in this country. I pray that congress does what is needed.
Stop letting this man lie to America!!!  Arrest him and Hannity
Haha go Trump finish the wall 👏👏
They (The Republican's) will Regret this Day! Good luck in the future! 
No more need for Congress? 

Might as well tare up the Constitution of the United States! 

Since Republican's have failed to do there job's of oversight and have let Trump stomp all over the Constitution and our laws! He couldn't get it by law even when they controlled the entire Congress! And now they are actually going to allow him to circumvent Congress! 
25billion he walked away! 
1.6 billion he shuts down government! 
1.375 billion he signs and Declares National Emergency! W. T. F!
So much money wasted on  ICE, so much for the wall, so much money, and ALL unnecessary, for there is a very easy solution to put a stop to ALL illegal immigrants, which would pay for its self for enforcement, SIMPLE, pass felony crime law for any one doing ANY business with illegals with heavy fines. No jobs, no sales, no rentals no free food, no hand outs. They would all leave here overnight, we Wouldent even need a wall
This is terrifying. The rambling of an infantile egotist, a man who is clearly uninformed and ignorant, who catches bits and pieces of information and filters out anything he doesn't like, while latching on to ideas he does like, regardless if they are backed up by facts. A confused ball of anger and resentment, a man with such a limited vocabulary that if you strip out the odd buzz words and constantly repeated phrases, he would be indistinguishable from a twelve year old child - except for the hatred and vulgarity. He is the loud mouth at the end of the bar, shouting that the way to stop crime is public executions, confident that we can solve the problem with Iran by dropping a few  nukes on them. Archie Bunker meets Peter Griffin meets Scrooge McDuck meets a black hole of stupidity. God help our country.
It totally mystifies me how these media people are so irrational.  Trump may not be likable, but this blind and irrational hate is tearing "We the People" apart.
If Russia defeats fascism AGAIN how many of you will be shot dead?
The trump bots are in full force in these comments. A whirl pool of ignorance below. Be warned.
God bless President Trump, no politician EVER has ever fought against Washington for the American people like him.
Probably one of his biggest lies this time is when he claimed that illegal aliens make up the biggest part of the people who are in our prisons.... well guess what trumptards ??? Almost 81 percent of the people in our prisons are American citizens.
Trump had no choice. If anyone is to blame it's the swamp rats who wouldn't lift a finger to help American lives from killer illegals. He tried playing nice but no more Mr. nice guy. I say go for it Trump. It's about time this border address needs to finally be brought up to a National Emergency level. And I really don't give a damn about the opposition at this point.
Trump says ‘I didn’t need to do this’ while declaring national emergency . What a fool!
100% chance of liberal tears today🙌🏼👏🏼👏🏼🇺🇲
Build the wall!! We can not have this country be unsafe. MAGA.
I approve. Have a nice day everyone :)
potus your the cartel that needs to be attended to , you need to be booted out of the white house , now we no you are as cucoo as everyone says , you are , ooh yea the croweds are huge , so huge we cant even see you , how funny from a cucoo man
there is an IQ gap between regular people, and journalists. Trump talked about a WALL while campaigning, his base grasped the concept of a physical barrier. He described a wall like Israel uses. Did he 'promise' to build that same wall. Not that I ever heard. Is Mexico going to pay for the wall? Yes, they are. They are going to be supporting these migrant caravans from now on, not US. That is going to save US 54 BILLION DOLLARS per year. That sounds like Mexico is going to be paying for the WALL, to me.
Someone tell me what’s going on ... I don’t wanna watch this
While trump waste wall money and pocket his wallet from it, the next Democrat president is going to order a destruction of the trump wall. To sum it up, we as Americans have just wasted time and money.
MAGA
America will get worse once the wall is up. Next the government will try to add more laws and control us more and more. America is ending and we will all be getting killed by our own government and they will blame another country
good job donald
1) What happened to his campaign promise? Mexico will pay for the wall. Has that been forgotten? 
2) He cannot get away with making the new Congress the bad guys. POTUS had control of both houses for 2 years, why didn't he push getting funds for the wall then? 
What wrong with this picture? If I am dilusional, someone, please  enlighten me!
brake the law"?  this clown has has put a "brake" to the law, by destroying the rule of law, i believe you are a russion robot "IVAN". put up your photo. or maybe you're one of the "uneducated trump loves so much"?
Perfect now he gave real presidents more executive powers. Idiot
Trump's the true national threat!
Way to go Trump.  If he runs again in 2020 I will register at my new location to vote for him again.  A impotent congress needs a president that shows some leadership.  The democrats can't stand it.  BTW,  what a bunch of horse crap to tie the presidents hands in the present agreement requiring border mayors to ok the border wall.  Well just kiss my arse.  More stupid bullcrap the dems just don't get it.
