Who the hell cares if he plays the piano
This terrorist deserves at least life with no parole.
What a great way to end your life.  That man will never be free.  Hate ended more than one life.
No name 👍🏼 no face would be better chipper shredder would be best 😉
Why put him in jail just take him out back and shoot him.
Not guilty??? SMH 😱. Now a two minute trial is gonna turn into a one year mess 😑
For him , life is over. No more 🎹. Fresh 🐟.
He probably got rejected from a piano school. Am I right?
Alleged? He was there! He shot a woman! People saw it!
What a waste of a person. Instead of being a good person he became the devil.
Minorities can't get pulled over without getting shot, yet all these white mass shooters waltz into the courtroom hmm...
Hey kid enjoy prison, rule #1 DON’T DROP THE SOAP! 
🧼 😨 😭
That kid is a twisted, evil man and a coward.
Did exactly like the Quebec one in the Mosque ,,,down to calling the cops and giving up. Weird
this is a dish it out but cant take it world...THATS WHY  probably
Dont show his face or say his name! This is what he wanted: infamy and recognition!
"A good pianist must be an angel" abc logic smh
Sick American! Lock him up and throw away the key!
How does a not guilty plea even work here? The trial should take about 15min
What scum, may he live forever in a box. His face never again to feel the graze of fresh air or the warmth of sunlight.
They should  take him out back to a tall tree and hang him, thats just my opinion.
Give him life with no piano
Clark Kent went rogue.
Give him life in prison with no parole
This guy ruined his life, but we need to look into mental health
Too many hugs from Uncle Ted...
You already know he is sitting in prison right now crying his ass off regretting what he did knowing he's gonna spend the rest of his life behind bars getting man handled!
Oh my another white male so shocked
Kid probrably played waaaaaay too much GTA5
How the hell is he pleading non guilty
Just put him down like a dog.
He wanted attention from his fellow fascists. Great, he can play Amazing Grace at the prison chapel.
He told the judge coldly that he understood the proceedings 
*Plays video of shooter just saying yes
Sure, plaster this man's name and face everywhere... no consequences what so ever...smh.
Man amazing he wasn't ruffed up, if he were brown he'll be 6 feet under.
Omg he kind of looks like Elliot Roger!! Not so much in looks but he has the same crazy look in his eye!!
It’s creepy how much he looks like me. Apparently doppelgängers exist
you wouldn't hit a man with glasses on? huh? would you? 👊
I found WALDO...😲
how in the hell did he plead not guilty it makes no sense , he took an innocent life he deserves to pay
Those are some cold eyes.
I wonder what justice the victims impacted by this event would consider fair for him.
People like him destroying the cause of millions of Wing-Right people, we feed the radical leftist media.
Yeah, we really need that boarder wall ...smh
It should have been assigned when he had the same look on his face while playing the goddamn piano!.
Execute him!
He had a damn manifesto, the weapons in his car, multiple eye witness's and surveillance video but he is allowed to pled not guilty? F the trail let's skip to review and sentencing
❌ This young adult needs Adequate time in a cell and Lots of Counseling
He seems to be a little off somehow
Bail MUST Be denied
Oy vey shut it down!
sadly he didnt getmore of em
I'm seeing a jihadist..
Just look at him. Say nothing🤔
Ever notice how these creeps pretty much NEVER shoot themselves or shoot it out with the cops? Doesn't add up. 🤔
All the media’s fault including YouTube
Well... he'll be playing the skin flute now.
He going to learn how to play the skin flute soon...o don't drop the Soap 😲
Kill this clown Im really bouta go to work tomorrow to pay for this shitheads meals
Hang him!!
Well now his life is over and may he rot in hell
I would love to hear the 911 call he made... please release it.
He wearing glasses now 🤔 trying to look all smart and inacent
#YouGoingDownTodayBoi 👨‍⚖
He played the piano?  Okay....
Why does he look so mad.
I guess the warmer weather is getting people to start using their guns more.
Punk!
Death sentence! Death Sentence!
He is a sick, sick man!
just give him the death sentence, also id blow his head off, gimmi two seconds with him
Want to break that jaw!
1 minute in prison
Why does he plead not guilty when he turned himself in?
What a waste of air and space.
A loser in life trying to make a name for himself by murdering innocent people. He deserves life in prison.
He ran away and then snitched on himself 👏
Oh for 🤬🤬🤬🤬 not guilty !!!!!!!!!!  🤬🤬🤬
Capital punishment
Say your prayers
Governor Newsome would rather have the tax payers house and feed this monstrosity, when anyone can simply put a bullet in his head and be done with it
The pianist boi he can’t play well
Oh he's still alive!!!
Dude looks like a Doctor.
These guys take a perfectly good 
life (his) crumple it up like toilet
paper and throw it away. Like that girl in Colorado did.
There are people in hospitals all over the country who ask only for
six more months of life. Or even one.
Scan his brain to determine anomolies
Incredible this kid threw his life away over crazy stuff he read on social media.
This world is going crazy.
Murder is so rude.
Here's hoping he's fresh meat in prison.
Just shoot his head or chop it off? So easy.
He has a punchable face
I wonder if he's related to Amon Göth
Another case of a TDS sufferer going mental.
Im soo confused as to why he decided to do all this!?!? Like wtf  is this guy thinking. he not only ruined other peoples life. but essentially locked him self away for life. I just dont get it. did he want to spend his life in jail????
🤦🏿‍♀️ He's not pleading Not Guilty?! With all sincere respect and I mean no harm when I say this but he is officially trolling right now. Really?!
Y did he do this, what did someone do to make him  kill people?????
Loser through his whole life away and accomplished nothing
Ernest look like a Matthew with glasses
RIP for the victims of this terror attack.
19 years old!???? Wtf
Oh billy
He'll get a chance to get HIS piano keys played while locked away.. Have fun baby Mozart ..
Send him to the middle east
If they would have arrested him as soon as he admitted the fire he might not have been able to kill anyone
Death penalty
The only reason why he called the cops on himself because he knew people were going to shoot him dead. He ran out of there because people started shooting at him
There's definitely a Judas in any denomination.
Looks multiracial
Thing Is he'll be fine in prison, and out in 4-5 by being a good piano lessons teacher to fellow inmates
Scum
19??
The only crime in war is to lose.
YouTube Shadow Banning conservatives normal straight Americans
Give him the death penalty
what a hero, incedible. free him immediately! and support his job
Big Bear?!
What a waste of life 💯 
🙏 my prayers are with all the victims
Nikolas Cruz jr
If you murder someone,your life should be over!
Human garbage 🗑
Hero of House Democrats Rashida Tlaib and Ilhar Omar .
How the hell did this kid get his hands on an AR - 15 rifle?
lol white like me.
I think the newsreader made a spelling  error , he said the guy was a teenage "" Pianist ""..????
His face looks so angry
Folks, that's the devil on rampage, only prayers and not legislation can stop him, so let's begin to pray again
An animal and coward. Well thank God he was a coward or more people could have been hurt.
I hope he will drop the soap in the baths
He looks happy
He got called four eyes
This is why I carry a gun..
So many mass shootings in 5 days today was yet another one in a college, then a shooting rampage on a neighborhood, after the San Diego mass shooting, a few days after that another one
Did they just say "his alleged"???
Looks like a demoncunt to me
Hey jussie smullet got off free, maybe this guy will get away with it
He is going to stay alive in jail. Or he will die if he comes out.
Sick of these loser's shooting up people in place of worship.
Just another version of an Islamic state radical jihadi.
All for attention
poorly done hoax
Why is he still alive?
His face looks like Spencer from Good Luck Charlie,just wider.
Sounds about white...
He plays the piano well but has weird facial expressions.
Autism ? some sort of illness??
Crazy white Boys
Not guilty.. .... Yeah , the Justice system are amazing huh?
Brainwashed fool
And in other news today; 
Giant locusts chase scores of children at a public school in Palestine!....
And in Las Vegas, George Clooney and Elton John were seen checking in at the Ramadan Hotel. ....

And now for the weather; 
It's hot as hell in Las Vegas! 
Stay indoors at an air conditioned casino! 
Good luck!
Hero and freedom fighter
If that's him, what a gross person.
Why do i get the feeling this guy's a virgin.
This is face of a real terrorist not the Muslim, Mexican etc these same people who live right in the middle of everyone
Can we ban him and people like him?
“Make sure he gets to vote” -Bernie Sanders
Did he get a taxpayer funded lunch??
What went wrong in his life that  he has to do this??
The American attack or new Zeland?
No more piano.. now he's gonna be playing the MEAT FLUTE 💄💄👄
Bad hombres pouring in ..
This  M.T.F DOESN'T SHOW  NO REMORSE @ ALL .
The media is fake news. There is more to this.
19 year old??
"Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots." - Luke 23:34

Only if he knew Jesus Christ's words, especially love and forgiveness. He obviously lost himself into hatred and erred from Jesus Christ's ways, just like others. 

Love and forgiveness, always!
He looks like a CIA asset to me.
The evil boy is not even remorseful, he should just be shot dead and be done with. No need to prolong the known matter. So infuriating 😡
Enjoy prison for the rest of your life kid
Why is he not in an orange jail suit.
Oh what a nice clean cut Neo Nazi....and he plays the piano...how precious!
Is the death penalty ethical or should we do away with capital punishment?
He called the police on himself????  FISHY FISHY FISHY
Death penalty 🙏
I understand what he did was wrong, however I believe there is more at play here then just this story. Now politics and their supporters are going to move in and create more laws and infringe upon our rights as law abiding citizens including our dearest the freedom of speech.
He dindu nuffin
MKULTRA
0:18 lol he called the police himself?
As a member of the white race, I hope someone takes a baseball bat to your skull after the homeboys pass you around the cell block a few times.
Oh look white trash which Asian loves
hero
He should have planned out his high score attempt better, 1 kill and 3 injured is just plain pathetic.
He's white thats why he's not worried
He's sick in the head ,needs to go to the hanging tree ! But democrates will take up for him!        Hang him now ! Team trump !
He is the enemy of God! He attacked a fellow servant of God! He committed betrayal against God and his servants, may Allah sent him to a special place in hell where Judas resides.
Jaw need to be strong because he going to be sucking a lot of Dicks for the Rest of his life.🤔
Here is a guy who killed and shot people, cause of their religion. Pleading not guilty.

But let's throw in a short video clip of him playing a piano, cause why the hell not.
Chad
I'm going to kill him. Drop a mini drone filled with fentanyl in his jail cell.
so that reporter guy is overly attractive for news
Lol not guilty

#HeDinduNuffin
Best execute these monsters and remove them from the gene pool.
Why was it important to lighten such a tragic story by telling us he played the piano!! That just pissed me off!! The media does this all the time, when these white kids shoot up schools and churches, everyone acts so surprised and wants to lighten the mood by showing us their softer side, but when black boys do something, they’ll go back to when he was in daycare and hit someone with a damn toy to prove that he’s a beast 🤬
So much hate in America. The once great country is finished. Too much stupidity I guess.
One less trump supporter
19???? 😟
They should used him for clinical trials instead of using innocent animals.
Maybe if the punishment for haye crimes were tougher such as their pwn life, than people may think twice about committing such heinous crimes.
I hope he rots in hell
Is this the guy who said sub to pewdiepie
BAN teenagers
Let me get this right,      he goes and  kills people, then gets caught.   Then goes to jail for life.      What was the point of all This.     I'm confused.
I hope this a$$ wipe gets the electric chair and someone calls me so I can pull the level.  POS.  Who cares if he plays the damn piano, what a stupid thing to include in your report.
These kids will do anything for one moment of fame!
His face looks evil. Execute him!
They should bring back execution by firing squad. That way he can feel what his victim felt.
They should bring back public stoning for cowardly scumbags like him
This guy is sick please watch (the greatest story never told) we must prevent this from happening again at all costs!
I don't recall any mention of Jesus saying to kill the descendants of those who killed him.
Wow
Is so sad that our world is turned into such Danger but I feel that the people that are hurting people should suffer just as well and get everything that they supposed to have and not let off so easily they pick the people they want to let go and they pick the people they want to keep in jail if you take someone's life that's wrong it's so wrong it hurts not only the family cuz friends and all the people in the world have to suffer the pain of worrying about the Lost of a loved one we must learn to stop the violence put down the guns and Save a Life stop taking lies can help if you need help there's so many people willing to help people that think wrong because of drugs and alcohol and situations they find herself in but you got to stop taking it out on other people it's so important to celebrate life and not take a life
Just like the system, to put security at the synagogue after the shooting... Geniuses. 

We put rockets in space that land on Mars. 

We can't figure out how to better secure our schools, churches and high traffic areas? 

I don't buy that...
Gente presta atención a las detalles, el chamaco no es un tipo random, es estudiante, músico y más. Falta muchas cosas en este caso...
This is why I fully support the death penalty.


Think of Breivik in Norway, what a total shame.


The guy blew up 8 people and shot 69 others.  And he got what?  21 years of prison.


I guarantee you within a month of him getting out, he'll have another plot to mass murder.  Same for the rest we let live.


Murders, rapists, and narcotic dealers should always be up for capital punishment.  To serve justice for what they did and to prevent them from doing it again (in or out) of prison.


 penalty to Jihadis and Socialist garbage terrorists.
How is this not a terrorist??
He is a handsome freedom figther.
Hope he get the death penalty. There no way of saving this kid if the stupid justice system let him out 30 year from now assuming  the nut will kill again mark my word. Death penalty will save many other life in the future
Another white mass shooter taken alive. . . what a surprise.
What a waste of good hair
its always white people doing this stuff .....
I do not understand  why people hate others based on their race or religion. You do not know who you are hurting other than those indicators but that does not tell who those people are really are. I don't know. I just don't understand people sometimes.
How does he claim white power. He ain't got blonde hair or blue eyes. Idiot.
Dig a hole.
I do pray that this leads many Jews to repentance and faith in Christ Jesus.
What a waste, he could've been modeling.
until diversity quits being forced upon us, these kinds of shootings will keep happening.
Notice how no one in the independent media is allowed to report on this, it's only "approved media" who show up in a youtube search for this story.
I wonder what kind of psych drugs his parents put him on when he was in grade school? 
Psycodelic psychotropical mushroom soup!?
what a sick man makes me wanna throw up 🤢
Mental problems.
Wow someone’s going to be passed around in prison quick. Enjoy the life full of unwanted dickings ya American Terrorist.
Clark Kent
What a pathetic attempt at a high score
Oy vey never forget the 100 jews killed
Look at his face....he has so much hate & anger
Hero
Every race is being killed at their place of worship expect one!!! And guess who is doing all the killings????? #thehateisreal #thedevilisalie
This dude is less than half my age...what a waste. Less than 72 hours before this happened, I wrote a long e-mail to my nephew. He's just a teenager, but I need to help orient him to the things that will become normal in the US. If 300 IRA members and 500 Loyalist set Northern Ireland on fire, even going as far as making their own guns, and reaching out to Gaddafi and the PLO for guns...can you image the damage from 10,000 Americans and a limitless supply of military grade weapons, 3D printers, and ISO 9000 tooling?  ¶¶  I'm just a city slicker, but I know enough about guns to make my mother worry. Anything and everything is available online. Just this morning, the YouTube algorithm fed in a video about a bouncing AP mine. Right now, there are thousands of abandoned AP mines on the Chilean border with Peru, anyone can carefully dig them up, disarm them, and ship them in pieces. I'm an IT guy with zero military experience, so when the nut jobs come home to roost the US will be in trouble. Thank the idiot in the White House. So to the select number of Jewish people who voted for him, donated to the campaign, and lick his boots when he makes another concession to Israel, think about that on the next election. Reinhard Heydrich and Joseph Goebbels are laughing in their grave.
Justice has been served and ready that anyone that are a bully that they don't have everything but other they do have something of the feelings kind goodness and of the hope of a big family that's right because maybe a people already poisoned in mind already they cannot even handle the body attitude or even sucking of violence but at the end Justice always   come first

PS in a handicap so let's move on to the Future office safety future
He will deeply regret what he did. I seriously think punishment for teens shouldn't exceed 25 years, even if they commit henious crimes. I mean seriously how many of you still think the way you thought as a 17, 18, 19 year old? This kid was clearly contaminated by the 4chan and alt right internet ideology, it's obvious he will eventually mature and grow out of it. He did an extremely stupid thing just to become a "hero" on 4chan lol he will cry and cringe so hard once he's 45 and remembers why he's still rotting in a jail cell.
Why show his face that's exactly what he wants Fame!!! 😡
Why would anyone do something like this? 19 years old and he's gonna ruin his life with possible imprisonment. It's senseless.
How do these crazy white boys always go under the radar until it’s too late ??? How does one have so much hate ???
He'll be a pianist in prison alright, and an organist!
Um this guy needs life with no chance of ever getting out. This is awful. No remorse at all what so ever. Prayers to all the victims & their familys.
Let’s show him play a piano, wtf abc why would you show that? He murdered a women idk even know anymore about this reporting. Unsubscribing.
Damn Jewish people wish they were God's chosen people that is why God is using spirits of Vengeance to kill them just like the Bible says God shall use spirits of vengeance
He did it for the Fuhrer.
((((((( NAZI )))))))
Yep, looks like incel right winger.
all these comments crying because  nggrs are left out 🤣🤣🤣JLM🤣🤣🤣🤣
All of this could have been avoided if the jews just peacefully left America
Free Palestine
I wonder where America ranks among the most dangerous countries in the world, high as Willie Nelson id asume.
There is no way this white man once an amazing pianist could be capable of such a crime. 🤔
You can thank Gavin Newsom for eliminating the death penalty in the state. Now murderers can kill freely without having to worry about getting sentenced to death.
BUT HEY GUYS! IT'S THE ILLEGALS; SPECIFICALLY MEXICANS, WHO ARE BRINGING THE MOST HEINOUS CRIMES TO OUR COUNTRY. NEVERMIND ALL THE WHITE PEOPLE WE SEE EVERY SINGLE WEEK ON TV AND PAPER WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MOST DISGUSTING CRIMES.. 
🇮🇱🇮🇱
Zionists are evil and source of world problems
Gavin Newsom is already setting a release date for him as long as he votes for him.
Read “The Protocols of the Elders of Zion.”
Have him tied up and give him to the family of the murdered woman. That would be the real justice.
Im 100% sure if he was black everyone would be racist in the comments
With all the evidence it's a shame that he's even allowed to plead not guilty. All he's doing is buying time before he goes onto death row in prison.
Wtf he also attacked a mosque
T.R.U.M.P!!
Dude looks Hispanic
This guy hates Donald Trump. What does that suggest?
The exact same scenario with islamic state in the middle east is being fanned over here, good thing there’s a strong enough opposing left towards a push back or The same thing that happened in Nazi Germany would be happening here, of cremating, gassing and fire squad executing people into mass graves, in a nation that had a long history of attacking all minorities, whites included, where hitlers inspiration was gotten from america first nationalism and racial segregation towards implementing that approach at demonizing and scapegoating jews, where it if it was only ignorantly think through hate and fear stirring fascist deplorable to humanity jew Nazi sell outs like bibi and his porky the pig face wife, maybe it might not have been so bad, towards doing humanity a big favor, as a big favor to the world.
Wonder if Tumblr would think this guy is cute....
If he was black there be a lot of coroner calling ... flowers bringing and slow singing cause the cops would have kill him
It's good to be white man lol.  They would never show a evil dark skin some good light of playing the piano.  Even for a second.  But that's media for you.
As a Christian, we have to own the fact of our Antisemitism in Christianity and teach against it, and come to the fact Jesus is a Jew , and was trying to change that era Judaism to deal with that time issues, same issues found in all religions. Every time someone else shoots a Jew, or Muslim, Buddhist, priest, nuns, religious people, its like a hit on the nail on the cross, we have to all stop already and acknowledge, we all are at fault and we all are the solution well.. prayers for the families,
God bless Earnest, martyr of the white race.
Another Bernie voter!
He’s going to do it again you can see it in his face. I also don’t care if he played the piano!
The shooter was jewish himself, but the MSM completely left that out.
Bruh he’s a hero, he called the police.
Part & parcel of living in a "melting pot", innit?
He shouldn't have thrown his promising life away just yet, and he had a lot ahead of him, but I can at least respect the resolve.

I don't support the particular course of action he took nor the targets and the flawed execution, but his manifesto was right and Jews don't get any sympathy from me.
Part. And. Parcel.
Hmm. First they said he used an ar15 and it jammed
 Now they are saying his rifle and mags were left in the car
We lost a good boy here people. He's a good kid, just couldn't take it anymore and lost it. Who can say if he was right or wrong?  Who knows his pain? Let's pray for him to find peace.😈
His Mother is JEWISH!!!!!
Omg a white guy who would of guessed?!?!
STOP GIVING THIS MURDER NOTORIETY 

He wanted to be caught alive and be tried in front of the media. He wants this publicity, because this publicity is how they encourage others to follow suit.
Radical Right Wing Terrorist
Making white power powerful in prison....pay attention...things are happening there too....
DB
Why is this thing against the Jewish people,  this has been going on too long in history and it will continue. These killers should be condemmed
wow he's a jew too.
I don't get what makes these teens so angry, so violent, decide to take other ppls lives. Life sentences at 18 to 19 yrs old is a long ass time. Esp when they know the outcome is guaranteed that they will lose. Besides their so called white privilege. How is it cops can murder a kid playing with a toy gun at a park, and countless other unarmed innocent ppl yet every single one of these mass shootings they arrest them without any problems. Nothing makes sense anymore.
Look at his face look at his face.
0:49
Did you do it?
Good.


SOUNDS ABOUT WHITE.
He was only going after the rabbi. Why aren’t you all questioning how the rabbi got shot in the hand. Maybe he was using the victim as cover who knows.....
Jailbait
Good thing Governor Newsome basically got rid of the death penalty here in California
He was working for another Rabbi.
Cattle can be Sacrificed
The new zealand shooter thought he would cause a race war and nothing happened then This dork kills one person and decides he is a self proclaimed christian and pretends god is on his side. Bubba says god is on bubba's side as bubba stretches earnests hole. Lol.
Hmm it's almost like he just wanted everyone to see him being mean to Jews just a big COHENCIDENCE IM SURE
This guy reminds me of any of the other antisemites here on youtube which i encounter increasingly, especially in some dark corners, where they keep stirring the pot of hatred and spreading evil ideas. Any day they can easily pick up a gun and do the same thing. Youtube needs to get their shit straight and take action against antisemitism!!! Entire channels here on youtube dedicated to racism and antisemitism, and Youtube does nothing even after reporting!!!
I can tell by looking at him he’s not even full white he’s got something else in him
That is one triggered demoKKKrat... we need to remove 2nd Amendment rights from ALL demoKKKrats immediately!
Saint Earnest
Now if we can just lock up/Murder the other few million white supremacist that plague this country........... WE'LL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
I’m very impressed how people throwing rocks and judging like they are saints. Guess what... we all were born with death sentence. It’s a just matter of time.
His kind are mentally unstable and sometimes easily manipulated.. No wonder they go physco. They should just put a bullet in his head and get his life over with.
In the meantime, Drumpf is going to hire him into some kind of "acting" position in his administration.
Estupido
Let him go!
media affected kid
"The defendant called 911 & reported shooting at the synagogue, then called Walmart for technical support for the jammed M16 assault rifle which was still under guarantee, my client will be suing the Colt manufacturers for production of a faulty firearm".
Bernie Sanders thinks this animal should have the right to vote and decide the future of our country while he's in prison.
Flay him.
death sentence please
Another white guy with an AR15... who’s the threat to America?
When will Trump pardon the guy?
Another dangerous illegal immigran......oh wait
But black men or the most violent ?
Looks like a fine gentleman -Trump
Lucky ignorant bastard. Hes so smart.
He looks like Clark Kent, the homicidal racist.
Stop giving this guy attention.
Just shoot him in the eyeball
Why are you showing us his face?
3rd
Stop showing his face..
Don’t give this criminal a platform.
Lol they really brought up him playing Piano. This racist serial killer os a terrorist. Stupid privelged media
Thank you women’s March for helping create so much anti-semitism America.
Can we please move on now? You'd think it was Jesus that died or something.
Ashkenazi Jews are not descended from the historical Israelites of antiquity, but from KHAZARS, a Turkic people originating in and populating an empire north of and between the Black Sea & Caspian Sea

The Khazars, a Turkish tribe who had established a Kingdom in the Caucasus region, and converted to Judaism in the 8th century A.D. Must have seen the doings of the Romans and Greeks, and seen it as an opportunity for them to take over the Hebrew identity, and thus control of the orthodox branch of the Hebrew religion - which indeed they did. They logically thinking that if Jesus can be White, why not then, the entire Hebrew nation - which was by then a diaspora anyway. The Islamist side-stepped the entire issue by forbidding imagery of any kind.

Those people in Israel today who are your so-called jeWISH people, they do NOT speak the language that was foretold in the Bible. The language there speaking is called YIDDISH and NOT the Ancient Phoenician/Paleo/Proto Script. It's a mixture of curious amalgam of Hebrew, mediaeval German, Slavonic and other elements, written in Hebrew characters. The only thing Hebrew about the language of jeWISH people in Israel is the characters of the Hebrew alphabet. The language itself can be considered jargon and has nothing to do with the true language of the Hebrews.
 
[Edomites] constituted a part of the jewish people, Herod being one of their descendants”, The Standard Jewish Encyclopedia, 1966 Doubleday & Company, Inc , Garden City, New York, Pg. 592.

why does the jewish encyclopedia mention that "edom is in modern jewry"? that is their own writings not the klan! why the kkk reference and where is your proof? "EDOM IS IN MODERN JEWRY." The Jewish Ency. 1925 Ed., Vol. 5, Pg. 41.

the [non-Israelite] Edomites became a section of the Jewish people. "EDOM," Encyclopaedia Judaica (Jerusalem, Israel: Encyclopaedia Judaica Company, 1971) Vol. 6, p. 378

They [the non-Israelite Edomites] were then incorporated with the Jewish nation. "EDOM, IDUMEA," The Jewish Encyclopedia (New York & London: Funk and Wagnalls Company, 1904) Vol. V, p. 41

from then on they [the non-Israelite Edomites] constituted a part of the Jewish people, Herod [King of Judea] being one of their descendants. "EDOM (Idumea)," The New Standard Jewish Encyclopedia (Garden City, NY: Doubleday & Company, Inc., 1977) p. 589

they [the Edomites] were hereafter no other than [non-Israelite] Jews. Flavius Josephus, The Antiquities of the Jews (Grand Rapids, MI: Dregel Publications, 1960) Book XIII, Chapter IX, Verse 1, p. 279

George Friedmann in his book, The End of the Jewish People, pointedly states that the Europeans claiming to be Jews, are nothing more then "Hebrew speaking Gentiles." The late president of Egypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser, stated on television, "you (the Jews) will never be able to live here in peace, because you left here black but came back white. We cannot except you!" 

The Thirteenth Tribe is a 1976 book by Arthur Koestler, in which the author advances the thesis that Ashkenazi Jews are not descended from the historical Israelites of antiquity, but from Khazars, a Turkic people. Koestler hypothesized that the Khazars (who converted to Judaism in the 8th century) migrated westwards into Eastern Europe in the 12th and 13th centuries when the Khazar Empire was collapsing.,

In the book, Koestler advances the thesis that Ashkenazi Jews are not descended from the historical Israelites of antiquity, but from Khazars,a Turkic people originating in and populating an empire north of and between the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Koestler's hypothesis is that the Khazars – who converted to Judaism in the 8th century – migrated westwards into current Eastern Europe (primarily Ukraine,Poland, Belarus, Lithuania, Hungary and Germany) in the 12th and 13th centuries when the Khazar Empire was collapsing.

At the end of the book's last chapter, Koestler summarizes its content and his intentions as follows: "In Part One of this book I have attempted to trace the history of the Khazar Empire based on the scant existing sources. In Part Two, Chapters V-VII, I have compiled the historical evidence which indicates that the bulk of Eastern Jewry — and hence of world Jewry — is of Khazar-Turkish, rather than Semitic, origin. In the last chapter I have tried to show that the evidence from anthropology concurs with history in refuting the popular belief in a Jewish race descended from the biblical tribe."
-------------------
I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan. - Revelation 2:9

Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee. - Revelation 3:9

And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines. - Zechariah 9:6

And Moses built an altar, and called the name of it Jehovahnissi: For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war with AMALEK from generation to generation. - Exodus -16

Note: African, Colored, Negro, Black, Afro-American, African American. The terms used to refer to Black Americans. Also Afro and Negro is a term used to refer to those that came from the Trans Atlantic Slave Trade and are not of Hamitic bloodline.

Understand not all people that are dark and brown skinned are from the line of Ham. Noah had 3 sons Shem, Japheth, and Ham. Jacob / Israel = The first Israelite, and the progenitor of the Black Hebrews. Jacob is from the line of Shem. The line of Shem is of a dark skinned people and look like Ham in appearance. 

The African's come from Ham. 
Zondervan Bible Dictionary: 
Ham:1.The youngest son of Noah born probably about 96 years before the Flood; and one of eight persons to live through the Flood. He became the progenitor of the dark races; not the Negroes, but the Egyptians, Ethiopians, Libyans and Canaanites. 

Noticed the phrase,"not the Negroes". The question is then who are the Negroes if they are not from Ham? The Negroesare from the line of  Noah's son Shem. They are the 12 sons of Jacob known as Israel. They are the true Hebrew Israelites of the Torah/bible.

And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them. - Exodus  

But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue, against man or beast: that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel.- Exodus 11:7

Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword. - Zephaniah 

Those Dirty Ethiopians in Israel are not Jews. They were placed there as a decoy.

The factual evidence is that everyone in the bible was black, the Israelites, "Jesus" everyone its all throughout the bible, archaeology, anthology whatever or however you look at it the real JEWS are black and the fake JEWISH impostors are just khazarian, they don't even speak Hebrew they speak "Yiddish". "Jesus" told the Israelites that their land would be trodden down by gentiles until the time of the gentiles end, and the real Israelites "Black people" would be taken captive into the all nations, no other race of people other then black, Latinos & natives indians people have been taken captive into all the different nations as slaves, the Israelites were slaves in Egypt 430 years, "God" said in the bible we would go into slavery again for 400 and ironically the first slave ship came to this modern day Egypt aka America in 1619, the 400 years are almost up and that explains why black people are returning to their true identity.
Our heart goes to the family’s being Muslim we goes this on daily bases
What a white boy ? Im shocked
Another Trump supporter making the US great again.
Another Trump supporter
The White Man IS The Devil 👿
False flag shooting pushing more globalist agendas. This is a propaganda operation.
Not so powerful now?? Seeing your  behind some bars and not a gun! All for what race again were soldiering for. Ohhhh yeah, maybe you should have just been happy being part of the human race instead. You wouldn't have so much hate inside. I'm sorry I heard that piano clip, I'm not going to ruin my association with  piano and this disturbing story.
Full grown men feel the mounting hostility aimed at them and can fall victim to the impulse to lash out, can you even imagine how it is affecting YOUNG men? You tell a kid from borth that he is a villain, he has a high probability of becoming one. Social media is a cancer.
What a waste. Trump do something. Stop the hate.
Why not stop showing their faces and stop mentioning their names?
All these gubbers have the same thing in common... they look like no one likes them, they have a lonely crappy life filled with fake surface substance that only they know doesnt really exist,.. how we fix that as a society.. no one knows its just a pathetic display of life and such shame others have to lose their life for them to be put away
I love how tough jews are. Usually armed and always brave to face a threat. Unlike muslims
The more trump tries to paint a picture that 'brown people' are the enemy.....the more "his people" show their........true colors!!  👻🤮🤢👻☠
White guy.... again.
Ahh look at the cute smug on this pale face. Oh he will get his day not in court but in prison where boys like him will turn to real men. Let's see what kind of cahones he will have when he enters the prison population. Hilarious not even his dear momma will be able to help his white hiney, why becusse some of the dudes , black,  white and Jews will gi e it to him in the rear , oooh !! Did I just say that ? Well I guess I did. He will get some suffering in the little ole brink , and will cry baby tears , lol,lol hope he dont comitt suicide while in there , cause he sure gonna feel some good pain, lol,lol😂
You bring watch rednecks you rule nationalist will never understand that it's your president rhetoric that has changed the views and attitudes of leaders throughout the world people were on the borderline tiptoeing on the edge and eventually through God or exercise whatever the f*** event with a tip toward good now has a reason to for their balance to be toward evil Trump Trump trump you were the last American president as we will all die
Well so we are allowing the church to arm itself again . This will end badly just like all the other times religious people have power the whole world dies alittle . Ban religion .
