If it was a national emergency, why didn't he declare one in the last two years?!?!
Every person in the United States should be outraged if Donald Trump declares a National Emergency as part of a budget negotiation. No matter what side of the aisle you're on, that action is a grab for power over the legislative branch of our government and can't be tolerated. That is the actions of a dictator.
I guess the word emergency lost all meaning.
Is he going to ask Russia? (Rhetorical)
It is NOT an emergency, and he is not a dictator. 

This is coming to a head and the pimple will be lanced.
Oh boy 🙄. I’m seriously tired of hearing about this stupid wall. I guess Democrats can declare a national emergency for climate change.
Build the wall, then dig the moat. 6ft deep should be good enough.
We currently have 30 "national emergencies" going on right now left over from past presidents. In what way does this set a precedent, he would be enforcing an already existing law.
Sure, sure... this crap isn't because of the wall. He is making his move... hold onto your butts, America.
Who told him about this National Emergency idea first?
I knew this was coming next smh
I thought he said it was already being built????  You can't believe anything he says.  If there was a REAL emergency at the border, why did Trump wait so long.  I am sure if there were a real emergency ALL Americans would want protection at the border!! PLEASE GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE!!!
The only national emergency we have right now is the orangutan trying to destroy our checks and balances.
This is Trump's modus operandi, don't look at that conspiracy charge coming against me, look at all those brown people you are supposed to hate.
It’s crazy how money run 🏃 out for the people but not for a wall 🤦🏾‍♂️
tRump needs new crayons and magic markers for his new bill to sign.Oh I forgot he needs coloring books this will keep his  mind from wandering.🤣🤣
America SHOULD stop Agolf Twhittler from acting like a USELESS DICKkkkkkKKKtator

😶😶😶
Many many guns at the border will work just as well as a wall... lets get those duke robotic TIKAD's up and running.
Well,...Trump has one thing right; having him as president is a national emergency. 

The Emperor With No Clothes is failing in fabulous fashion,
His enabling cultists blind to the naked truth before them. 

🤡🍄
We need to declare a National Emergency, because the Democrats forged Ruth Ginsberg vote on a Supreme Court decision.
Not an emergency? Are you kidding me. Caravan after Caravan of people barging in. Do it Trump!
We are witnessing the end of Trump and the Republican Party.
He could not sign the the bill and still declare a national emergency.
This fake president needs to be removed from the WH.
My idea of a national emergency is to shut the government down....that swamp needs it !
I just came here to find salt for my popcorn. Thanks comment section.
Trump 2020! I live in Texas and yes we need a wall.
THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY IS THAT POLITICIANS OF ALL PARTIES ARE GUILTY OF NEGLECTING TO ENFORCE A MINIMUM WAGE BASED ON THE CURRENT COST OF LIVING!!!!📢
Making america great by using emergency funds for a vanity project
Best potus ever says everyone on the trump kool aid
Trump: “Mexico will NOT pay for the wall” 🤣
Mitch, you done just screwed the pooch.
all the world is a stage!
it is time to fight. this tyrannical government must be dismantled. IT IS OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT.
Trumps national emergency: “ I dropped my cheeseburger, this is a crisis that can’t be ignored by my (COUGHS) I mean... the American people. We need your insurance money, your kids education money, and the money that you were saving for your wedding to build my (COUGHS) I mean... our wall. Thank you for your cooperation, sorry if I blacklisted you when you didn’t give me money.”
Well, as long as it just pertains to the walls construction I’m okay with it.
He needs to be impeached.  There is no national emergency, and if there was then he and the republicans have been negligent in their duty for the last two years. Since there is no emergency, then what he is doing is an unlawful use of our tax dollars, and a dictatorial move designed to bypass our constitutional division of government.
I need two Big Lib, wine&cheese, berkanstockwearing, Priusdriving, NY journalists telling me why Mr. Trump and the wall are bad.....................

I say doodlysquat, BUILD THAT MF**kin WALL!
Hannity and FOX have won!!!
Did u catch Mich saying he was gonna prepare the declaration for the president. Ooops
colt 45 is a try hard....
This is great Democrats will declare national emergency for climate change, Guns, etc.....,
Not an emergency.  Like R Kelly's
The wannabe Dictator said "Who is going to pay for the wall" And the crowd yelled "Mexico."
I love the drama, this can be like a tv show
It's been a National Emergency since 2016 when he took office!!! 😒😔
How many trump family members companies are awaiting building border wall contracts. 

World is supporting trump leading sheep's into oblivion
I just saw this on the news already. Oof
Do you know who declares an emergency when there is none? Dictators!!!
It was national emergency since 11-8-2016
The only National Emergency is that There is No BigMacs in Prison!!!!
I don't believe this president can declare a State Of Emergency just because he can. I'm quite sure there is a criteria that must be met first. Not a good idea to try and bypass Congress. If the president tries to get this done I'm sure somebody will go to court and fight against it.
It's not an emergency if it's been going on for years, and if Trump threatened to declare an emergency weeks ago.
Lol i know whities getting mad they gotta pay for the wall
There is abt to be a national emergency. A total civil war. As a real progressive I cannot wait for open season on neoliberals.
I'll believe it , when he signs it.
When we see on the news every week an illegal shoots and kills an American or drunk driving plows into a family, that with out any question is a National Emergency.
We have a national emergency - USA HAS A CON MAN AS ITS PRESIDENT !
can't wait for this Border Wall to be build and then  Failed.
Fk schools closing....as long as we have a wall!! Someone put Trump in a mental institute!!
The MSM aren't speak about the "No collusion on Trump election". Sooo whattttt!!!
I want that G-- Da-mn Wall built. A beautiful wonderful wall that is strong and,,,,,,,,
Talk about trumpster fires.
Getter done!!!
petty politics impeach
How much does a national emergency cost
Btw btw btw 2020 here we comw
build that wall you muthafu kas
I don’t know what channel you people watch,but I have seen the videos of thousands of people coming to our borders. It is a national emergency. The Democrats are not telling the truth. Read about all the problems in California. Read about the problems in Minnesota.
This is costing taxpayers millions of dollars. Enough!
Trump is an excellent presidente, we have one too, Bolsonaro =]
Good job Pelosi !!!
I don't blame the democrats for this, it's their job to fight for less border security; it's the republicans to help trump support real border security..."
Good job Pelosi, I'll give credit where credit is do !!!
Unseat Mitchy 2020 !!!
i was the 667th like.
Headline news over the same month: 
1) Trump says WALL will stop drugs entering border. 
2) Cartels using TUNNELS  to bring drugs across border.

A WALL will not stop TUNNELS. The wall is just a stupid political stunt.
Polar Vortex victims can use that border money!!!
America's true colours on full display!
When I have an emergency I go to the emergency room.  .....not the "whenever the "F*** I feel like it" room.
He's feeling very impotent right about now......
To President Trump's credit, he's only had 3 divorces. Two from previous wives, and one from reality.
Trump 4 more years
I love you president trump
A fake national emergency declared by a real national disgrace
Great white hope!!
I wonder whether this national emergency shit would happened if the reporter hadn't had asked Trump the question a while back
First time in history a president will declare national emergency on Twitter.
This is a political emergency for Trump. Also, he doesn't want to get trashed by the right wing media.
25th Amendment Time!
1100 page's with hours to read and sign. Such a deal.  Right now there are about 60 national emergencies.  One more won't change anything. Started 12-21-17 research executive orders
Trump calling a National Emergency is like calling 911 when you stub your toe.
Nothing but distractions from the bribe taker.
Nancy is a coward.
..hurry up Mueller!!!? .get them all before you witness the fall of American democracy... USA is becoming the greatest carnival show in the world...
Juggling Taxi 🚕 is this fake news, LOL 😂.
Oh Goody.  TURN IN YOUR GUNS.
Thanks for paying for the wall Mexico!
Keep thinking that way. That is what he wants. The con is on. And you don't think Mexico won't do the same thing.
Always support our president, no matter how you feel...it's what America needs
The next thing he will do is suspend congress.
national emergency on trump hes gonna get us killed
A national emergency 
and the beginning of the (END)of the trump presidency 
YES THIS WILL END THIS DRAFT DOGER
Actions Deserving Nation Emergency Status (in no particular order / data from official government sources for 2017-2018):
- Gun Control (40 thousand Americans lost their lives in the US to guns, compare that to  6 thousand in ALL of Europe combined)
-  Prescription Drug Overdose (70 thousand people died from drug overdose in 2017, drugs such as Opium, ...)
-  Education (The alarming rising cost of higher education in the US has gone through the roof, students can no longer afford college level education;  despite being the #1 economy in the world, thee US  ranks 20th in education among all industrialized nations)
- Access to Health Services: (28 million Americans could not afford health insurance and consequently have precarious health conditions;  The US places 1st on the Obesity chart ; Growing number of illnesses prevalent in the US include: Alzheimer, Cardio-vascular,  Cancer,  Respiratory (CLRD/COPD),  Diabetes, etc. Millions of US citizens die yearly from these conditions, despite the fact many of these illnesses could have been prevented under proper medical screening and an affordable insurance plan)
To place an ineffective border Wall that experts say will not solve complex illegal immigration issues as a National Emergency, when in fact there other more deserving challenges that qualify as real emergencies, reflect the ineptitude of this administration whose only goal is to secure their voting base.  The first national emergency  is then in Washington, not at the border!!
This upcoming court fight, and there will be a court fight, will finally put an end to any president expanding his or her power with no controls.
Interesting times yeah.
What happens during a national emergency?????
Wow, this guy is unbelievable.....how can something be an emergency for 2 years???
Fascism is here ladies and gentlemen.  :-(
January 20 2017 All 3 branches were Republican Prez Bonespurs, ya know with the Bad~Boogie~Ombres could of Declared War oops a  Nat'l Emergency
Mitch is such a f#cking Mitch! 🤬
Why do you Need to build a new wall when you got FLEX TAPE
A president trying to keep a promise.  What a novel idea
They are all LYING - the bill being presented is a TRAP....Trump will not sign it.
Democrats need to help Trump build that dam wall and hope dems get a position at all in 2020.
Declaring a national emergency is a stepping stone to martial law.
nobodys not going to cave into trumps demands
The media I’m glad to dislike on everyone of your biased videos and the fact that one out of every five people disliked show this is fake news 😇
The turtle and the pig r at it again
All of you act like he is just throwing a fit but he's not.  It's significantly worse than a petty man throwing a temper tantrum.  He is making a play for power.
WAKE UP JOHN WILKES BOOTH PLEASE🙏
3:35 Like Trump cares about the Constitution. He is a fascist. He is not building a wall to keep Mexicans out, he is building a wall to keep Americans in. Over a million Americans have already fled to Mexico.
having trump in the oval office is the national emergency
The trolls speak.Wow
I think that he will start a war in South American which will not go over well in Central American and Most of the United state people are from Europe, there will be war.
Trump doesn't get everything he wants, so he declares a National Emergency...
Lets see what the courts have to say about this declaration for a purely political motive.
Trump will be long gone by the time this gets through the court system.
Him not getting his way does not an emergency make.
Of course he wants a national emergency. Then he has alllllll power, and that is just what he wants, tthewhite house Nazi Mafia boss
How’s about them taxes? Ain’t seen a lot of y’all stunting on instagram this year 😂
trump 2020
Since this will be allowed then that s EXACTLY what the next Democratic President should do about gun control (or Obama should have done) to protect American citizens. I don't understand why this Billionaire doesn't pay for his wall himself!!
A national emergency will happen if you allow unfettered immigration. Look at Europe with Merkel and Macaroni.
He’s going to get challenged at every level on this “emergency”. He’ll be lucky if it’s even close to resolved by the time he’s no longer president.

Good luck, you orange nutjob.
Happy Valentine's day America, it may be the last one!?
It’s not a national emergency
Pelosi has refused to visit the border and has refused to listen to the border security experts. How would she know it’s not an emergency?
They all in this together they just making Trump be a fall guy.
SCOTUS will not support the WH on this. That's how this ends.
Nowiamfamous google it n sing AMEN
Way to put a negative spin on this!
Trump needs a Snickers bar and use Flex Tape instead.
God this reporter in red is so tempting
THE PEOPLE WANT THE WALL NOW!!!!!!
I think Trump Wants out. He deSires impeachment.
It's a national emergency when a President can't otherwise keep a campaign promise.  Noted.
Can't declare a national emergency to violate the 2nd admendment as you suggest. 
Declaring it to defend the country from foreign invasion isn't unconstitutional. 
So bad example you provide.
They all need to burn extra crispy in hell when they get there
Thanks trump 2020 Trump you will win. Mark my words.
If enforcement went up and numbers went down why would the numbers not go down with the wall.
No matter who's side you are on, a wall is still a better ideal than killing babies or rebuilding every building in America.
Trump is doing his great job but few people realize, He is brilliant .
Trump 2020 make America Again.
I want my wall now
Trump is nothing but a liar and he's not gonna get his wall. And McConnell is a bad person he's needs to be voted out in 2020.
you bluffing
A National Emergency Declaration will never be upheld in Court because there is no emergency.
Well done Trump!
RUSSIA did it.
Last Dem prez just sent millions in cash to Iran with No accountability. He didn't ask anyone or even offer a reason to why he was doing it
But it will drive up the price of illegal drugs ! Make it too hard on human trafficking. ...Of all the nerve !
sure, he will support whatever Trump wants.  That's what the servant should do.
Holding American livelihoods and security for ransom
You can't suspend or appeal the constitutional right to bear arms via declaration of a national emergency, you ABC News doofuses!
I will be committed for the rest of my life to dismantle the Republican  Party . They ha e betrayed their country and we are a Nation I Distress
Here come all the Robots to state the same opinion over and over and over again... BEEP, BEEP, BOP, BOP, ROBOTS ARE WE...
Hey president trump you know what will fix the swamp,  flex tape!
Death to ALL REPUBLICANS
Funding for a national emergency still is appropriated by the House and there is no way that House Speaker Pelosi will appropriate a nickel for Trump's fake emergency.
I swear if someone doesn’t slap that ugly hair line of this man head then these issues will only get worse. Damn rich boy acts like a damn child during a temper tantrum
When your president you can do whatever you want they just let you
About time!
I could.t care less what side REP or a DEM prez in office if they declared a national emergency if it came down to the protection of Americans.That seems reasonable to me.
Veto the bill and declare a national emergency!
Good I'm glad he's gonna do something right for a change that makes me happy he's keeping the government open cause our government workers needs to keep there jobs ☺👍
Great Glad to hear it, hopefully next crooked politicians sent to prison!!!!!!!!!!!
It's an invasion! 

The US has become a great feeding tray full of parasites. All obnoxious things from all over the world has set up its headquarters in the US. 

As to the National Emergency, it is a  must  step for security, stability, and  as he rightly mentioned, no borders no nation can exist. The President can clean up the nation like never before and set the Native-English antiquity in its rightful pedestal and preserve the social Quality.  

To reclaim it's greatness... 

On all fronts!
DROP THE HAMMER AND DROP IT HARD MAGA TRUMP !!!!
Remember in black panther when the bad guy killed the black panther and was destroying everything? That's our reality now. We need the true president to rise up and take him out in the upcoming election!
Show us a list of all the criminals names ,why is this so important??is there something we don't know??somebody asked these questions????
how is this different than martial law it seems too me the president will have the same power if he just declared martial law
So long constitution.
Bad move on Republican
It's about time. Long overdue.
Haha Haha GOOOOOD
if he does its the actions of a dictator.
Trump health is said to be good. I think he will die of lead poisoning.
Why can’t trump use his own money to build the goddamn wall like damn trump you are a billionaire and BILLIONAIRE
First we have the longest government shutdown in modern history now national emergency ....look out trumpetiers, this can be the move every dictator do before calling a 
curfew, a gun grab (the biggest fears of any far right trumpet) and finally martial law...... so much winning, we need to star learning the national anthem of Russia.
If Obama had even attempted this stunt John boehner and Mitch mcconnell would've had impeachment proceeding immediately but it's OK for trump to get away with it? BS GOP Hypocrisy
Why is he signing this bill?
There is a national emergency...Trump himself.
THANK GOD,  MR. PRESIDENT WE THE AMERICAN FAMILIES THANK YOU,  WE STAND WITH ARMED AND READY TO DEFEND OUR5 COUNTRY FROM THE DEMOCRATIC CORRUPTION.
money for wall scam stealing from income tax and whatnot but goes to his pocket not ti wall ill bet u
2/15/19 So; now mr. Parania is declaring a "national emergancy" to fund his wall of paranoia. Remember this trump-tards cause the next actual President will ne blamed for the debt this clown is mounting cause he and his base are cowards and paranoid.
 To the dmfp supportter who claimed we need a wall to keep drugs out; It's a picket fence you can hand drugs & $ between the slats! This wall is for no other reason then Trumps ego. He wantted something like a pyrimid! Open your eyes dmpf supporters!
We will have a national emergency on gun control, or tax the rich, or any other Democratic issue.
Good for him
Can’t wait to 2020 when democrats take over the government and call a national emergency declaration on gun control and climate change
I m just say Donald Trump stop emergency plan could present a major constitutional test national why
Good this should have been done 2 years ago
national emergency awesome  getting my rifle clean
The Mexican border the criminals coming through always. That is real danger only we don't know.
Donald will not be POTUS after 2020, Healthcare, and gun violence will be "National Emergency".
Nancy Pelosi is ruining the Democratic party. She wants to prove the President that she is tougher than him, and believe me that is a grave mistake by her
" If you are 20 years old and not a liberal, you have no heart. If you are 40 years old and not a conservative, you have no brain. "            
                - Winston Churchill
Why is this suddenly a national emergency?   

Republicans wouldn’t fund trumps wall for TWO years....and now that the Democrats are in power it suddenly becomes a national emergency?!
im tired of this clown
What a disgrace to this country Trump is as well as Mitch McConnell both should be put in front of a firing squad
Build the wall build the wall stop it all!!!
Dance you demoncraps!!!
Distraction from trump Russia conspiracy.  Gopee took Russia money so they are riding putins pocket.
He’s trying to slowdown the investigation!
Obama used executive orders like breath mints. This is just another double standard.
Trump has no idea the damage he's causing... and possibly doesn't care... narcissistic sociopath! Orange pig-man is insidiously tearing at the fabric of our society, undoing all that is good and just... undoing hundreds of years of working towards a more perfect union... this is frightening! And #SAD :'-(
Well it’s about time.....2020 Trump
a part of why he was elected, agreed, but just a part. strange how he does not appear impressed with corrupt polluted disgraced dnc attempts to intimidate executive pledge and for some reason he has zero difficulties revoking the traditionally dishonest narratives our tabloid trash clinton crew 'leadership' desperately need to pawn. lol.
The wall is fake. Trump the narcissist wants a monument to himself- Trump Wall. He said so at a rally
And now it looks as if he will do ANYTHING  to get it.
0bama had 13 'notional emergencies' and the left was fine with that.
Trump is an idiot! He works ppl into a frenzy, I live in a BorderTown. NOTHING is happening! Worst president we've ever had!
Where is money pulled from?  From $38 Billions Israel aid ......that should be if he wants that damn Border Wall.  

Israel is rich, doesn't need $38 Billions Aid from poor Americans, anyway.
You can't reason with a sociopath!  😠😠😠😠
Lol tricky position doesn't mean shit and this is a national emergency
What a country. You elect an old braggart full of flatulence. And then spend your days hopping around every time he farts...
Pelosi is not our President. Death to libtards! We should just put landmines, much cheaper!
Democrats will be doing it all the time.
Ha Ha Ha ... Nancy can force a Senate vote to deny the declaration ... Ha Ha Ha
Ann Coulter is somewhere punching the air
I think (if you have really restricive parents, that you love and respect) another way to say it is [as a person that running a nation the size korea or small country throug]     is Parents i love you, and im a everything you prayed for (or praid ford and wanted) and it all came true, you wanted to be super starz and biollionaires, you wante to break the system and everything you go your way, you wanted a jock that was good at sports, he wanted a son, Mom wanted similiar things, a really smart, kind, good guy that made or had his choice in girls and women, probbly had a bunch of other cool stuff in it for me, ( i got a sister too) but it all came true, is true.   Parents you got all of that, TGB the way i mean it



You know "in the past" alot of these speeches type things of feelings only come together or get written at funerals, i believe in putting it out there now, or as we mean it or feel it , put in perspective make it real, TGB the way i mean it 

[ive been building the world for kid or family i know is, shit look at my youtube, i got sanctions and secret service]
Regardless of what happens now. The liberals will prob start loosing there moderate base. Which is all you need to turn the country around. That hard core liberal will be watching the game from the bleachers for the next 5 plus years.
Funny how he’s been advocating to build a wall since 2015 but in 2019 pre elections it’s a national emergency?
So many problems in the world and in the country and trump still clings on to the idea about the wall like a kid throwing a tantrum
LMAO
ABC. News shove it
For all the silly ,traitorous people  who live in the USA but hate the President of the USA my question is whats keeping you here?Form a caravan with all your buddies and go south.Problem solved.
Do it Pres Trump you are RIGHT!!!
Well if they won’t give him some meaningful length of barrier, why shouldn’t he?  Is the Red Tide in FL an emergency? Is Global Warming a National Emergency?  Is a school slaughter an emergency?

If he spends the money and looses in court how will it be paid back
Funny part, when he isn’t re-elected in 2020 this won’t matter as if it was never an national emergency to begin with. 

Just another footnote in the history books solidifying the utter worthlessness and stupidity of the Trump presidency and administration and the spineless GOP went along with it.
PRESIDENT TRUMP FIGHTING FOR USA CITIZENS, PELOSI AND SCHUMER FIGHTING FOR ILLEGALS!!!
How is it possible that this man said Mexico would pay for the wall and now all his followers are with him on this bullshit?!?? Sweet lord baby Jesus help us all...
The people behind him also does not think the whole thing, the whole americans, as one, united. Those people behind him encourages him more. They all need some intervention.
A national emergency on Climate Change. Just wait til a democrat gets in the White House.
he's setting precedent at this point. even if he is told no, the dems will use it to set up their own asinine plans and go "trump did it so we can". another notch in the road to a civil war.
Trumps definition of a National Emergency is the sames as a toddler....you know when you don't get your way and or the toy that you want....National Emergency!! Oh no Santa gave me socks for Christmas....EMERGENCY!!
Another thing, if Trump is removed, he, perhaps would be immediately indicted, brought to court and then locked up.  He should also be held in protective custody.  He'll run like a rabbit.
top republicans are not worried about precedent, they are worried about their major corporate funders who WANT as much cheap labor as possible. Labor for many industries is the single largest expense, corporations are willing to push the needle on this issue.
trump is another Bevis and butthead
#getplayed
WHAT
Trump Ratifies
Trump has his "sample walls"..., less $$, some promises renigged, and if any of us survive this nightmare of a Presidency, Mueller will step forth before any taxpayer $$ is granted to this stooge.
Does anyone else notice that his national emergency is a potential influx of refugees?  Think about that for a moment.  Refugees are literally people fleeing crisis in their home country, in other words they are people in an emergency.  So Trump's definition of a emergency is finding ways to protect himself from people who are in an emergency.
Get ready
All of Amerikkka should get under their beds....pile up their furniture in front of their doors to KEEP THEM MEXICANS off their beds......sho nuff.
Getting the money from national emergency is very dangerous.

We see how hurricanes and earthquakes destroy entire cities.  National emergency fund should be kept for real national emergencies where people can die by the thousands like it happened in Puerto Rico.

We don't want any US state become like Cathrine or Puerto Rico.
All this hate in this world. Instead of turning to social media everyone needs to turn to they're bibles. Speak life not hate!!
Ok i dont see why trump is going to call a national emergency.he can do what ever he wants the border bill the wall and they will still find a way to cross over here.
dementia chump to declare national emergency . no problem , federal judge will block the order , national emergency averted . chump should spend less time in the white house and more time on the golf course .
Whether you support the wall or not this isn’t the way to get things done. It is indeed a slippery slope.
Haahaha Suck it Dems
40k gun deaths last year- no emergency. On the anniversary of the Parkland school shooting, he declares a national emergency to build his namesake wall that Mexico is paying for.
My ranch is 20 miles from the border in Arizona, you know how many illegals i have seen in 6 years? None
This isnt a new problem.   Its decades old.  There are 35 million illegals here already and thousands per week sneaking in.  Fake well funded  caravans from south to north.   This will stop. It must stop.  REMEMBER THE ALAMO!  Goliad. SAM HOUSTON.
For a President to declare a national emergency, there has to be a consistent problem that has been identified and measures that can be implemented to fix said issue. One school shooting would not warrant declaring a national emergency, because it is an isolated incident and is not easily solved.
Guess McConnell doesn't want reelected.  Idiots.
National Emergency over Mr. Narcissistic still having a TANTRUM over not getting the amount of money he's asking for the wall. Mr. Narcissistic you have driven the U.S.A. into Third World standards. Impeach this Idiot‼  Any Negative comments within my comment 👉You will get blocked and/or I will remove my comment in its entirety!
He's gonna find the money else where..... hmm??.......i wonder welp i got nothing
I think the is exactly why the head of Fema put in his resignation. Who would want to be in charge of FEMA during this kleptocracy and destruction attempts of our country  from this dangerous administration.
Good job trump
Won't get it and he knows it . Just trying to keep his cult followers happy . Pathetic truly pathetic.
I thought Mexico was paying.  Oops.  I guess I am instead.
can I say "Told you so"
FEMA has no budget constraints.. what price would you put as a cap on helping Hurricane victims? ZERO 
Earthquake victims? ZERO
unless you think terrorism isn't a real things.. stop trying to make the wall about immigration.. it's about security. National Security
Let him and in less than two years we declare ours and take the guns!
Americans are really sick
Good!
As a point of monetary reference, the USS Gerald Ford cost $12.8 billion, so it really can't be about the money.
Of course McConnell will support it because he's a McCocksucker!
Just wow...This is fundamentally breaking the concept of division of power in the democratic system. If the a president who would prefer to be king can just override the other branches of government if they don't agree with him then the whole system is a sham.
The wall is a very expensive way to ineffectively keep illegals out. He doesn't even want it on the whole southern border, what's to stop people from walking around the wall and walking in?!?!?! 😂 Trump is such a joke. I have no respect for him. Also, I thought Mexico was supposed to pay for it 😂
so el Chapo said he paid American politicians off like Pelosi and Shiff ...and our new attorney general was voted in today .....get your popcorn and enjoy the show folks ....things are about to get real ..... WWG1WGA !!!!!
The China keep seeking other places to be part of these country but America push the other country away from them probably America will be behind in the competition of power.
Hopefully the next President is educated...my goodness...actually have a ton of words I'm not going to say...we need a real President and not a con man... I am scared for our country on so many levels...just saw Pompeo...you're next. He has destroyed everyone.
I saw on here that the border law enforcement caught enough drugs to kill 57 million people a couple of weeks back . Guess all the people on here talking smack talk about the wall doesn't have any family or children that they would have to worry about getting whole of drugs .
Another democratic win over Trump , that's democrats 2 , Trump 0 now.   He gets 1/5 of what he asked for the democrats write in ridiculous amount of spending and he's going to approve it.   Very disappointed in our President, looks like he's not willing to fight as he promised, just declare the emergency and tell the democrats to go to hell with their bill, won't get anything today, tomorrow, or for the next two years.  Very disappointed Mr President.
oh no....run for the hills....go to the store and buy water, bread & batteries...stay in your house until Trump sez its ok....start a neighborhood gang, I mean group with broom sticks, rocks and hammers to protect against those monsters crossing the border....stay away from all borders plus the two oceans
liar liar liar liar
?????
NANCY Pelosi      if you have a fence around your house  to make sure no one's going to get to your house so you feel more safe.....don't think about yourself only think about your country and your people they want to be safe too   .....    @t
First step in dismantling democracy when you end run around congress, but keep supporting Trump fools
Shame on Polosi and Schumer for NOT securing our border, both don't care about us we the people, both are very selfish for them it's all about hate and greed...wake-up we don't want a socialist-globalist country.
Amazing 2 Republicans who whole seats in whie house who live in El Paso said themselves there is no emergency. This is definitely abuse of power. How xan declare state of emergency and there is no emergency. America has become even more undesirable countey since he took office. He's a damn bully. I hope the democrats were working on his impeachment during this time. Its a damn shame what the rich can het away with no regard to the american peopl. Dump is nothing more than a terriost and tyrant who needs to be put on the othersode of the wall so the Mexicans can have their way
Are you serious..this is not about no damn wall this man is soo corrupted and mentally unstable. Yet Congress is still feeding this man what he wants he's like a crying baby wanting his bottle..🍼..get it together Congress and IMPEACH this man he's not only destroying mexicans....Which by the way he's so hypocritical because he one's employed these people.......SMH.....He's destroying his own people.... Veterans..government workers.. Fire fighters Airlines etc......Well with all the damn money he has why doesn't he buy his own damn wall....This is B. S. A State of Emergency for some damn Wall...there are bigger things going on this world then some damn Wall..have you seen the Global warming that is hitting U.S. so if water over takes half of U.S. and the Rest fire. Who cares about some wall it's either going to sink or go up in flames... Congress get someone in office that know's what there doing and know's on how to spend tax payers money. Instead of it going some damn wall. If he gets the wall what's next to build a wall under sea. Immigrants will get through thru other means....boat underground there are other ways.... The Wall is not only meaninglessness but pointless....
The separation of babies, toddlers and children from their parents and incarcerating them is a national disgrace and emergency. Those involved should be put on trial and reunification needs to happen immediately!
Thank you Donald Trump you're the best person in the world you're going to build our border wall that we need desperately to get the aliens out of our areas the drug dealers and Nancy and Chuck is the one of the biggest drug dealers in the world we need to stop them to fire them or put them in jail
We need strong border is do now..Congress should geve $20 billion to billed strong wall between Mexico and us ...Congress and then should make amnesty bill tougher that who is living in us for 15 years and don't have criminal record they can apply for amnesty and receive green card with in 6 months....but bill sould be together with amnesty... bill not only daca... amnesty for all whom living in us for 15 years and they have to proof that they resident here for 15 years...border wall and amnesty together...2 way Street thanks for listening.....
Imma tell y’all right now, trump supporters or not, if you’re middle class and he does this state of emergency 🚨 you’re going to feel it in your wallet for a while
Nancy Pelosi refused to meet with the families of victims killed by illegal immigrants (Angel Moms). Another heartless example why the Demon Party will self destruct.
how in the hell can he call a national emergency when he has threatened it for a few months..if it was a emergency he would have called it when it so called happened..this is just a madman in control...he has to go b4 he totally destroys democracy and has all his crooked henchmen in control..never would anyone thing the USA would b e so close to a dictator running the show..the man is the biggest crook in the USA..using his position to fill his bank account
Take the money from the Republicans.
GET'EM TRUMP!!! HALF the country is with YOU!!!!
Trump is afraid of the Mexicans there not paying!
LOOK ! Children are giving us the news   :o)
Looking from the outside in America it baffles me that a 'president' (called here 'voorzitter' - Google translates it for you) has such enormous powers to declare war (even nuclear), national emergencies, etc. It seems that your constitution is quite flawed, leaving some much power in the hand of one man/woman ; it's against all democratic rules (not the party, I hear you coming). It's just ludicrous as is your system to elect that person not on votes won, but on 'electoral votes' being used by only a fraction of the people - mostly won by who hast the most money in their campaign. Strange... AND DANGEROUS. 
Does the American 'elite' (all major parties) even CARE about the normal, average American ? Or the poor, or welfare and medical care for EVERYONE. It must sound like 'socialist' talk for most of you, it's just social (not left nor right) and that is put in your constitution (the better parts). I get the impression that Americans (by a long shot not all of course) are navel gazing at their union as if anything outside it seems strange and dangerous, while you'r precious union is plagued by hatred, violence, gun deaths, homeless people... Such a beautiful natural country you have, going to waist for not recognizing there is a whole world around you that is NOT American and negating the REAL problems in the world instead of starting war after war. The main point is that not a single person or limited group of persons should have this authorities to plunge a country in a ravine.
🙄🙄🙄
its all occult  , the repub aint your buddies whats going on here  , its called the unholy union of opposites where 2 opposed sides  are really work together towards the same goal the destruction of america , and they are , repub  and  democrat same face different mask  2 sep wings on the same bird opposites yet they both fly the same direction , this is not bad judgment its just part of the plan , we loose he set the date for feb 15 HE DOSENT HAVE TO SHUT IT DOWN OR SIGN IT HE SET THE DATE HE CAN CHANG IT HE WONT BECAUSE WE GOT SOLD OUT,  you are aware that MAGA reversed an old jewish trick  comes from sumeria  AGAM meaning swamp , ?Å.W. Sjöberg et. al.,  MAGA REVERSED AGAM the meaning is “escape route," "way out," "going out, departure," or "outflow, ... Sumerian original "agam," which translates as "swamp
Mexico supports walls. I’m Mexican and we are surrounded by walls, we make all types of walls and people are very happy when they are done! Go Trump.
It makes sense. His decision, in my opinion, is a step towards protecting the US from the implications of climate change. As the Earth continues to heat up, countries near the equator will experience hellish heat waves and flooding. Look at Australia, for instance, 122 degree heat waves. That being said, the Central American population will try to escape those circumstances by coming to the US. Here in the US, we have our own demons to deal with. The west coast will continue to suffer from a volatile jet stream. Tropical rainfall and North Pole-like snowfall will become the norm. Add in rising sea levels and a shrinking US land mass, who needs more undocumented immigrants running around? The US population will experience it's own migration trends and that's going to put a strain on local and state governments. Property tax revenue is going to plummet in areas hit hardest by climate change. This will impact the services provided by those local governments. So, standards of living will fall in some areas. Some local governments may fail altogether. I think it's time to think about the well being of American citizens, not foreigners. We must save ourselves first! Thank you, President Trump, for having the insight to see the perils of climate change and for having the patience to endure the primitive mentalities of the Democratic Party and their supporters. It's a shame and treasonous for Democrats to impede any presidential action that secures the safety and continuity of the United States. Our way of life is at stake, ladies and gentlemen, and President Trump is trying to defend it for all Americans. Do me a favor Democrats, take your socialist ideologies and policies, and send it back to Western Europe. And tell George Soros, the Hungarian Jew, who worked with the Nazis and got rich off the executions of the Jews, and his puppet President Obama, that their services are no longer needed. There is a new Sheriff in town. President Trump!
This is funny to me because it is so obvious there is no emergency, Trump has the mind of an 11 year old. Unless there is an invasion of invisible people no one can see.
Trump have a wallphobia
I guess America is being attacked by Christian brown people !!
Why not use El Chapo's billions!?! lol
This is an all around Win -Win .. The government won't be shut down and the Border Wall will be financed .. This day is almost as epic as Election Day 2016 .. And watch now .. The News will report it's a Russian conspiracy .. Oh The talks shows and all MSM are going to lose their collective minds .
Enjoy your dictatorship America! Heil Cheeto Trumpolini!
So what would this mean for America as a whole? What happens if we piss the Mexicans and know we will pay more money for fruits and vegetables.
Got to hate them Democrats taking the house and passing all these radical abortion bills while causing all this border strife. POS. They work for bankers not us.
If it was such an emergency why didnt the republicans deal with it before giving themselves a big tax cut for the rich. Why doesnt he put in the first billion.
Why are trump’s supporter so blind. Trump cons them and they still believe his lies. Trump truly believed he can make Mexico pay for the wall! Why, because he openly /publicly asked the president of Mexico to pay for the wall.    Trump lies again when Mexico said NO that he meant via the trade deal. All economist has already told the public that it is not how money flows. AMERICANS ARE PAYING FOR THE WALL to the tunes of unending millions. Lets see who’s pocket he will now slide his hands into.
What kind of dirt does Dump have on Mitch and the GOP? I cannot believe they are that stupid.
President Trump extended the tax increase deadline of 90 days. What did the United States get?  US has nothing to gain. In the 90 days, the CCP stabilized the chaotic situation in China, arrested many people, the veterans were in control, the army was purged, the stock market and the exchange rate were stabilized, and the CCP’s party members saw the US’s stupid hesitation and the CCP’s still The strong, once chaotic thoughts have been unified, and the Chinese people have been confused by the CCP’s lies. The ardent hopes of Chinese intellectuals are becoming cold. President Putin of Russia was in a cold war with the Chinese Communist Party. Now the relationship between the CCP and Russia has eased. Japan, the European Union, the ASEAN, and India have also prepared to increase taxes on the CCP. They have all stopped now. Trump’s procrastination tactics, like the military thoughts of France before WW2, were the same in the end, and the whole army was wiped out. 90 days ago, I have already commented on the results of today. We are commenting here today. It is difficult to change the decisions of the United States and Trump. If we really need to wait for God to bless America, God will blame the stupidity of the US.
NATIONAL EMERGENCY......2022........................we need to have NEW gun laws to prevent mass shootings.....we need NEW laws to allow affordable healthcare for all....and we need NEW laws....to allow 12 million illegal immigrants amnesty......OOPS....!!!!.....the GOP saw THAT coming.......
HIS KIDS ARE GOING TO PRISON 🖕💩!!!!!¡L
No one liked it when Obama did this! 😠😠😠😠😠😠
like the president or not one thing he has not done is break his promisses too you like past presidents ho only wanted your vote and your money for their rich global buddys and the elites in congrees ho just wanted too see you poor with more broken promisses they never do what they promiss once they get elected too office .your fighting the wrong battle with this president take a good look what he has done for you democrats liberals and step back and see the truth of what he has done for america and done for you your hateing the wrong enemy
Im starting to wonder what putin has on cocaine mitch
Newsflash.  Trump Derangement Syndrome sweeps country. The only known cure is thinking for yourself so it’s unlikely people with this terrible affliction will get any relief. Up next- THIS IS MAGA COUNTRY.
Stupid is as Stupid does.
The money to fund the wall is coming from the military, the statutory law he will be using ensures that. Members of the military will be torn from their families to be deployed to assist in building that wall. Are you going to go to the boarder and help so a service member can see their child be born or enjoy a holiday after already losing so much time with them from fighting a real war in Iraq? Individuals who want the wall built are safe and sound at home not making a single sacrifice. They will be just as comfy, experiencing freedom, rights and liberty the same way they did before the wall was built and afterwards.
I bet if we offered him a big, giant, Saddam Hussain style statue of himself he'd forget all about his stupid wall and stop pouting like a spoiled child.
If Trump gets away with this American democracy is over. The British Parliament's power is based on its ability to control taxation and therefore spending. British kings were converted from dictators to constitutional monarchs by this control. America will become an elective dictatorship. Will the next emergency be to keep Trump in power without an election? If Trump wanted to remain as a dictator, could he claim a state of emergency from gun violence and take your guns?
Love it!  The world is laughing at America.  POSTUS is humiliating America and Republicans are helping.  Trump is a disgrace.
The only reason it’s an emergency for Trump is because 2020 election is coming and he wants Trumpturds to vote for him again keeping that dumb promise of the wall. Americans paying for it.
Fear not for the Illuminati is watching over you and has taken actions on your behalf.  Dotard ChuMP has licked the stamp on the envelope,  and has now sealed his fate
All the American should step in and take Nancy's and Chuck's fences down around their homes and that way they will have open borders and they can allow all the people in the world that don't want don't have a right to live in America they can live with them in their home so I want to support Nancy and Chuck for them to them to remove their fences immediately if if you agree please let me know and we will make a petition for them to remove their fences around their homes
McConnell is a JOKE!  Once again supporting a Moron. No choice for the butt kisser.  You could tell what McConnell and Lindsey Graham said yesterday that they were encouraging and supporting this action to not look bad to his base by shutting down the government.  This is just another SAD day for USA.
Stupid demoncrats, we told you. And we will elect him again. No illegals, no free or dead votes for you socialist crazies!
TRUMP YOU'RE NOT THINKING ARE YOU!!!!!!! THE MONEY IS COMING OUT OF PRESIDENCY FUND...... YOU MIGHT AS WELL DO SOMETHING GREAT FOR THE UNITED STATES...... JESUS WE REBUKE THE SHUTDOWN UNTIL HE'S OUT IN 2020!!!!??? LET YOUR WILL BE DONE IN THEIR LIVES!!!!!!!
Ho hum yes, trump such an emergency that you didn't do much about it for two years the Republicans were in power in both senate and congress? SO not a real emergency just made up to try to destroy the Democrats win in congress maybe. Did it work? Watch what you "demand" for trump it might bite you on the butt! trump is quite vindictive isn't he? This is his "payback" for his "demand of a wall" when no one gave it to him. He does the opposite of what most people want...he is playing the American people against one another...like pawns..he is a very sick narcissist who has always "won his so called deals" so he thinks...he will get it anyway he can...doesn't care about anyone but getting his way. We are watching the very sick games of a sociopath. Like it so far?...and thank you so much Republicans...you made your damn beds go LIE in them.
God bless you president Trump!!!! You’re the man!!!!!!!
ABOUT TIME...
DIG UP RUTH GINSBURG AND LET HER VOTE...
Pathetic all the crap going on in Washington while we all pay the price, that's what we get for electing all those imbeciles to office.
Man this comment section is insane, it’s so sad how divided our country is. I have seen people saying, ‘death to all Republicans’ and all kinds of crazy. I’m a republican, doesn’t mean I hate Democrats, just means we have different opinions. Pretty sad
The spoiled brat in the White House and the Republican cowards are at it again. I'm amazed at the endless patience of the US citizens toward this ridiculous and embarrassingly incompetent president.
Has anyone here had a family member murdered, cut up in pieces, by an illegal immigrant who escapes justice and runs back across the border? Think about it! Stop running your mouth
It's about time President Trump went around these idiot Democraps and got this taken care of.  Just in the first two months of 2019, it has cost taxpayers 35 BILLION dollars to house, feed, and provide medical care to illegals.  The time to stop it is NOW!!  Thank you Mr. President for following through on MOST of your promises.  I still want to see Killery and Obama bin Laden in handcuffs.  Throw Kill Clinton in there too.  He is part of it.
Trump cares about America! While Democrats don't give a damn about the American people only wanting to destroy America with open boards just like what has happen to Europe!
good
Trump couldn't care less about what happens in the future.  He's not even Republican.  He's a 1 man show we voted in.  He's a barbarian.  He couldn't care less about future presidents either way DEM or REP.  He doesn't care about the US, only him. Ok and Ivanka.
The so called Christian Nations are the real lost tribes of Israel,whom God divorced and sent out of his sight and scattered them.WHY?For false god worship,sacrafising to false gods(often their own children) idolatry and occultism.This the lost tribes of israel,are still doing to this very day.The majority.See Jack Flaws videos on the lost tribes of israel.Enter the Norman/Viking invasion of Europe,cause God`s people,did not follow their God,and they still don`t.The majority.Read Daniel 9 and psalm 106 KJV.God poured out a curse on his own  Lamentations 5 KJV.Tell me if you think,the fake Jews,who rule the entire world,sound like God`s people in Lamentations 5 KJV?How many Poles were killed in Nazi  many Irish died in the irish Potato famine?How many orphands did these events produce?How many Iriah or polish children have been abused,raped or killed in Catholic run orphanages and in Catholic churches,by Edomite/german popes,priests and nuns?How many children in BUlgaira and Romania are warehoused in institutions?How many have been adopted by Freemasons/satanists,in order to make them loose their salvation?How many in USA are in Foster homes today?These,are likely the real lost tribes of Israel.The Catholic people.Not the church.Not the Edomite/german popes,preist and nun,who rule over God`s people,for their sins.They will continue to rule over God`s people,until they REPENT and ACKNOWLEDGE their sins.
I'm starting to feel sorry for his supporters. I mean Trump is a liar, we all know that. But to be so gullible to actually believe his lies? Like you must get swindled all the time. Speaking of which, I'm the internet police and I need your username and password to verify that you are a legal citizen. If you are a real American, you will comply.
Trump is a GREAT GREAT GREAT MAN and PRESIDENT  😃
Why would you give the president the opportunity to do this and then tell him not to. Democrat's can see all their efforts of trying to stiff your president down the drain. The president is doing all he can to make America great again whilst the Democrats spend all their time trying to make America crap again.
Protect your white homeland, America.
WTF is he supposed to do???? There are several groups of not so nice people threatening to crash the United States!!  The Dumb O Crats don’t have enough sense to realize this is A REAL DANGER to the people of the United States! They’re too consumed to get all those people to vote in more Dumb O Crats! WAKE THE FUCK UP!!
Are you aware the USA builds walls all over the world? Syria, Israel, Jordan, Africa, the list goes on. This is the fault of the demorats, yes the baby killing party, has done everything it can to stop the wall so they can use the illegals to sway the election. No person with a brain would vote for the baby killing party.
if the border was working we would not have 11 million illegals in our country causing crime and drugs,,,its about time to we fix this problem,,,god bless you trump
The Trump administrations have been a national emergency since day 1. We should have use that emergency to dismantle Trump.
How much stuff do you have in your hair my friend??
Promise made promise kept. Build that wall very high Mr President. Trump 2020
Fake news
I hope Americans get smart on the President declare national emergency! --- 1. There is not an National America Emergency.  "THE PRESIDENT TRYING TO CREATE A NATIONAL EMERGENCY"2. But maybe the President is trying to create one just look at this headline "HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba said on Thursday the United States was moving special forces closer to Venezuela as part of a covert plan to intervene in the chaotic South American country using the pretext of a humanitarian crisis"
This is what I don't get, other countries in Europe and Israel they all have border walls. When they were built they experienced less crime, not to mention Jordan has a wall that we paid for and they experienced less problems with immigration. Obama had a shutdown that cost trillions of dollars to enforce Obama care where that care was proven ineffective. Yet how come Trump pulls a shutdown that all he wants is 5 billion dollars just to protect us from illegal immigration and the caravan people complain and consider it racist. Regardless if you don't like trump when he promises a wall he means it.
So instead of sending money to help rebuild Huston, California and Puerto Rico we're sending money to "defend against" a non-existent emergency in order to make Trump feel better. Meanwhile, people are going to be losing their land to build this wall, compiling no doubt hundreds of lawsuits against the government that our next President is going to have to deal with because Trump sure as hell won't answer them.
It's truly astonishing how much liberal whining there is about this impending declaration. This simply goes to show how the instinctual hatred have for Trump blind them from seeing the deeper meaning behind this move. Trump is resorting to this tactic not exactly because there's an emergency down at the border, but to fulfill his campaign promise of building a wall to help secure the border. Obviously, the standard generic retort to this is that "But the wall isn't even effective" or something along those lines, but what can I expect from liberals who are dense beyond belief. Everybody reading deeper into this knows the wall by itself isn't going to be that effective. It's part of a larger strategy needed for decent border security. Trump is fully aware that the Democrats are going to be nothing but obstructionists so there's no point in wasting time with legislative formalities. And while illegal immigration has died down, there are still hordes of Central Americans making their way to the border. There's plenty of media footage from a few months back of unruly immigrants driven by desperation who throw rocks and projectiles at Border Patrol authorities, which I would deem to be virtually a crisis. This is only going to get worse as more caravans reach the border.
Trump scores a TKO is the 12th Round!    Gotta love him ❤️🌹.   A perfect quite knock out punch!    Stunning!
WINNING
The only national emergency is trump running this country.
I support his decision
First
build that wall!
its about time
I love this president!
First
Trump 2020!! Keep america safe!
That's my president.
About time, keep it up trump, don’t back down
MR. PRESIDENT FINISH THE WALL...MAGA!
Do what has to be done Mr. President.  Build the wall.
First!!!!
The democrats failed to give this man his deal and what he wanted and now he will do exactly what he said he would do if he didn't get what he wanted. When will they get it: the President is a man of his word. MAGA#
All for a wall
TRUMP 2020 !!!!!
Thank God for Trump!!!
Yeah 🇺🇸 ( first comment )
Go trump!!
Love Trump soooo much!!!!!!!!
first
Hey
He's gonna do it, right?🇺🇸😳
'El Chapo bill' , his billions will pay for wall...thanks Ted cruz
The American people support you Mr. President.
Hopefully he’ll be stopped! But then again when Democrats get into power.... National emergency may come in handy over GUN CONTROL CLIMATE CHANGE MEDICARE FOR ALL ETC
Finally!! Finally got a President with balls to do what's right. Were behind you Mr.President. Keep those illegal criminal cockroaches out of our country!!!
Good. Get the wall built, done, and over with.
Trump is one of the Great Presidents. Trump2020!
Wish he would’ve done this 2 months ago. He waited to long!
Great News! Thanks to the Democratic Party's stubbornness and unwillingness to protect Americans, President Trump is doing his constitutional duty by having a secured border and keeping out foreign invaders. The national emergency declaration is needed because of the Democrats' inaction.
Good, it’s about time
MAGA
America is behind you, Trump. Those who aren't...aren't real Americans :)
Economically, illegal immigration is burdening Americans. It’s putting all of our lives At risk. When did it become debatable to protect our country and it’s people. Disgusting
MONIES FOR THE WALL SHOULD BE INCLUDED WITH THE DEFENSE BUDGET!
El Chapo
THANK GOD FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP!  USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA!
Thank God. Trump winsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
I SUPPORT PRESIDENT  TRUMP ALL THE WAY !!!
President Trump is a genius!   Thank God for President Trump.   The demoncrats have showed they are the United States of Americas new terrorists from within Congress.  God help us all.
And the crowd goes wild!
#MAGA
Good
Why not,the democrats just lie and obstruct to getting anything done to stop the flow of illegals. Why didn't the democrats just allow the 5 billion? It's pennies compared to the budget.The open border crap needs to stop.
Hell yeah. Make America great again.
Dems just want immigrants to vote for them when they enter into the USA.  Feds need the immigrants social security numbers to lower the national debt.  Most immigrants will go to farm fields, sewer systems and garbage disposal industries.  They'll also go to a lot of warehouse jobs.
Can’t wait
