Get ready for another push to take the guns
Impossible, guns are heavily regulated in California.
It’s fine the Dems will still let this guy vote 🗳
The deranged liberals will find a way to pin this on Trump.
Too bad someone did not have a gun to defend themselves in the communist state of California
If it were a white Christian male, they would have his name, facebook history...the ever popular "Manifesto" and all the info back to when he was 6 years old.
When they give no information at all, we know what's really going on.
Some people doing something again move on
A completely worthless interview with a person that knew nothing.
They wanna disarm the law abiding citizens!!!😎👍🏻 while criminals don’t follow the laws..👿
This is why gun laws dont work. Biggest gun law state yet there are shootings. We need armed people in our places of worship to protect the innocent.
President Trump is one hundred percent right ..If in that shooting was an armed good guy the bad guy  would not be able to do the attack .
California has the most gun restrictions in the country
Minnesota Representative Ilhan Omar has just released a public statement that says,
 "someone did something somewhere...."
Some people did something In Powa...





Wait it’s a
Not a Christan place
The footprints lead to Maxine Waters and the Chicago Smollet Movement
Talk to someone who is not autocratically trying to cover for the SUSPECT!
Liberals will protect him and blame trump
Prayers for the victims and their families 🙏
******USA******* THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ???  MISS OMAR ????     YEAH ,KEEP INCITING VIOLENCE MISS OMAR ,CONGRESS NEEDS TO BE "WOKE" !!!
This is what your Minnesota congress women incite !
The “OBAMA AFFECT” Obama let the snakes in, now they will take over with a grin. FOOLS ! CAIR IS THE ISSUE!
Let me guess...it's a deranged white guy with googly eyes.
Some people, just doing some things, nothing to look at here.
Liberals in California causing trouble and Pelosi doesn’t care
Let's blame Omar, that POS is probably happy.
NEWS FLASH- there are evil.people in this world and believe it or not- they sometimes express this evil against others. Unfortunately, you will all need to be punished for this act by having the means to protect  yourself from these evil people taken away. Please form a line with your weapons and ammo outside your local police station to turn them in. 
NOT- Say no to gun control or you will be the victim.
The deep state hard at work trying to invoke a religious war since they lost the war against Trump.  Christchurch, Notre-Dame, this, all related.
The left responding to President Trump exiting an Obama UN treaty! Keep it up liberals, very soon, every man, woman and child will be armed! God Bless us all and take stock in your ability to be an Armed Citizen! Always respond in kind!
The suspects identity will be withheld until such time as the facts match the media’s narrative.
I guess CA residents aren't all freedoms loving hippies like Gov. Newsom would have us think.
I see  more FFs  DS arrests must be taking place...
🤔...California should rush to disarm the next victims...to be consistent of course...which I’m confident they will...
Another identity/tribe being attacked… Keep getting people polarized; keep them divided and ideologically segregated. Making us weaker each day…
I just wish pencil neck shifty and fat face nadler were the ones shot.
Liberals asking more gun control.
I live in poway, I’ve been here for ten years. My first thought about this shooting wasn’t “How can we stop these guns!?” It was “What the hell is going on with these crazy people”.
Deep State Democrats at it again using "mind control", these people need eradicated from the Earth, PERMANENTLY!
These are followers of gutter rat  omar.
Meanwhile in Chicago yesterday 6 dead 6 wounded. Nobody cares. 

If you don’t have armed church goers at your church you’re asking for it. God gave us tools to defend ourselves. USE THEM.
Unfortunately a shooting took place. Unfortunately if this was personal, the shooter was not a good shot, Fortunately, if this was a mass shooting attack. The shooter wasn't very good. God bless all those affected.
Fake news. Didn't happen, a total Smulett.  Gun grab in California to follow.
Find out who the shooter's psychiatrist (handler?) is... 
Still think MK Ultra is too far fetched..?? This is a planned distraction... but NOTHING can stop what's about to happen to the deep state actors from the previous administration... And the pain is gonna get worse for them...
WWG1WGA 🇺🇸
I don’t understand why you can’t carry a concealed firearm in this state when people are still getting shot 🤦🏽‍♂️
Gun Free Zone is a sanctuary zone for bad people. A perfect breeding ground for violence, drugs, and theft. With or without guns, good people are helpless and defenseless.
Hmmm.  Just "some people" who did "some things".
Satanic week strikes AGAIN
But bad guys aren't supposed to HAVE any guns in California.  The governor promised!!
Stop gun violence Require everyone to cary. !
Make worshipping safe again.  Get the ex vets protecting these places.  Treat them like banks and government institutions.  They all have armed guards.
This tragedy should make the vile leftists very happy.
The anti-semites that are flooding across the border aren't very nice, are they?  Or it's your typical every day FF.  Clowns.
Is that mad Maxine talking? Don't sound too smart.
FF
GG ploy.
Again
California needs stricter gun control laws, gun free zones, and more immigration. These things wouldn’t happen.
Like New Zealand,  some guy did something.
Ilhan Omar someone did something again! 
Ramadan bomb-a-thon  didn’t start yet! They are early this year.
The shooters name is Sam Hyde.
No high scorer, maybe he was doing a speed run.
Clearly this is the work of Russians.
The cities where home owners are required to have a gun have next to no crimes.
Wow!! Makes me wanna arm myself and Family knowing this kind of evil exists!!😳😳😳😳
Sending out prayers for the victims and their familes. May God bless you and bring you peace.
Wait a sec. The GUN FREE sign didn't work. Who knew.. sad for this situation to happen, but it won't be the last.
patriot will be blamed no doubt
The Democrats did this to cover up the Sri Lanka bombing
The Lord is standing at the door! 
Jeremiah 33:3
In a state controlled by people that approve of gun control laws
Fox sounds like CNN lately.
Just some people that did a thing. "Nothing to see here"
A DemocRAT setting up a ploy for another ploy!
Start carrying your guns to church people. I do!
This could not happen because California has gun free zones once you see the sign you can't get past the sign with a gun
How are those strict gun laws in California working out for the criminals.
It took a good guy with a gun to stop a bad guy with a gun. And where, in California, the largest gun free zone in our country.
Some person did something in a gun free zone gun free state.
Before an attorney shows up? Are they torturing the subject or what
where on earth did fox find Ted Williams
The (((media))) will give this far more attention then it ever gave to the 380 "easter worshippers" that died in Siri Lanka. Gee I wonder why
The Left and its monsters must be destroyed.  A footnote in history.  A bad memory for patriots.
There will be more if the laws are not changed now
As always, they don’t know anything 
Go figure...
wow,  the synagogue of Satan is catching hell lately!  shooter still alive......amazing
The motive was motive
This "event" is happening very close to the border.  Hidden message?
It's okay it's California they have open arms to criminals policy.
California has the most gun restrictions in the country how could they  "LET"  this happen?
Put on your rain coats folks,  here comes the "Bull Shiite"  (YES SHIITE).
 God please Save us from the liberal hoards. And god bless TRUMP and The U.S.A.
Bill Maher made this story up. Nobody died in Poway.
Wait for it..... Orange bad man!!
Of course it’s in California, the state with the toughest gun rules.
sad day for America😢😢
Boo! Fox News is disappearing comments again!
Keep inviting the devil in california, this is FAR from over!
He must have discovered what the Talmud teaches
Build the wall. 🥋
Ted Williams = Ebonics corespondent
Build a wall around California!
Fox has really dropped in the gutter these last 3 or 4 months. What the hell happened?
Teddy relayed absolutely no useful information..
RABBI SPRAY PAINT ANOTHER SWASTIKA
Trump said there are very fine people on both sides.
Are the left going to call them Synagogue worshipers?
And.......wait for it.......wait.....it will be because of President Trump and his racist supporters. You watch I give CNN or MSNBC another 30 minutes tops before someone on one of those God awful networks starts the old blame game, I cannot wait for them to once more call a President that has a Jewish son in law and half Jewish grandchildren an antisemitic President, it will happen just you wait.
Some people did things
Well being in California they cannot say it’s from not having tough gun laws, California is one of the hardest place to own a gun !
I searched and searched and ALL I COULD FIND ON THIS STORY WAS CNN AND MSNPC...
The Law enforcement, Police, Secret services, ICE, Border Patrol doing great job and they are working tirelessly. 
The local Authorities must be vigilant about their job. Especially California the silicon bed and worldly place.
breddy sure this is a honk honk.jpg
His name is John Earnest. His Manifesto is on the internet. He tried to set up a livestream but failed to do so. 8chan
Anti trump prooaganda!!!smoke screen!
shooter must send to canada for $10m award. 😭
Droning on about the same event when there are many others going on. Getting tired of FOX NEWS.
Gun control doesn't work.
CNN did this!!! They paid him! It's the narrative of the democratic party!!!
SRI LANKANS MUST BAN BOMBS!
You know that sometimes on the darkest of days there’s always a silver lining and a rainbow 🌈 around every corner and always find it and sometimes should be glad these aren’t times like the holocaust or world war
Definitely ALOT of mixed messages..WHERE IS BEBE???WHERE IS KUSHNER?? THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE SUPPORTING??
The flase flags continue
Oh my god....it's another shoah
Fake News!!!  ....And they do lie...
Madman absolute madness
Well we know he ain't white bc he would have been plastered everywhere.
Another FF Globalist event.
With this shooter, follow the psychotropic drugs and the affect they have.
Revenge for Christchurch
FF ??? Many saw that it was a ploy all along.
He needs a good Jewish lawyer
So much hate in the qu-ran
Take steps to protect yourselves. Train hard, train smart...
This is part and parcel of living in a big city.
As soon as he says lawyer.
The shooting at the Unitarian Universalist Church was a personal/domestic affair and the shooter went in and shot and killed multiple people.
Just because someone shoots multiple people doesn't mean it didn't start out as a personal attack.
How about interviewing someone who actually knows something.   You could have gotten the same information from ME, and I don't even live in California.
Very sad. These people are sick!
He has the right to remain silent no matter if being investigated or not.
Civil War's a-comin'!
California...they will use it, skew it, politicize it, misrepresent it...then forget it...God love that state
Good and in a sanctuary state too
The blame lies directly on the anti semetic rants of the Democrat paty.
wasnt the news there during the "event?"  smh
Hey Bernie I bet u think he deserves his vote
Lies, lies and more lies... Unreal.
Diversity + proximity = conflict
Shooters name confirmed as Samir El Hydid
It's another shoah!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did the shooting take place at a Church? I see signs of Jesus Christ on the board. Just curious
So much for your gun control LOL hows that working out for ya?
If only California had stricter gun laws
WTF?!
No gun your just a sitting duck.
Screw your optics I am going in ..
I live there
This is impossible - guns aren’t permitted in California.
This is not epic
The End of Time is near..
total BS story as usual.
Evil knows no bounds!
Am I the only one that thinks this smells!?.
It seems like the strictest gun laws in the country don’t actually protect anyone...
This was another fake shooting by gaymilitary intelligence. Nothing to see here.
You will never take our guns.
son of a gun not again . that a few people did something in congress
Somebody did somthing
So lets ask ourselves what would motivate someone to do such a thing. You say hate? So where does that hate come from? There is a reason for everything, and I'd like to know the REASON for this fellas hate.
Thank you oboomer.
Seems suspicious.
For Sri Lanka 🙏
California is scary and unsafe. Ordinary citizens cannot legally protect themselves. Californians should demand the right to carry.
Here we go again Cali
That's a typical day in Ca.
1 down 5 million 999,000 to go. 🤣
Talk to Ilan Omar.
Not good is not brave to attack synagogue or mosque or church.. Is wrong...
In the gun control state?
The shooter didn't do anything wrong....
How could this happen in blisful camifornia! They dont allow guns there that aren't registered and no one is allowed to carry pistols. So this must be fake news
where the good guy with guns.?
poor Hanukkah worshippers
When someone says sounds like a black male LOL
P E A C E
E
A
C
E
If you are in California. Hide your guns, ammo, that magazine you recently purchased. You already know what's gonna happen.
Could be a husband of Omar’s,,,,
Blame ilhan omar and all the anti semetic politicians for spreading hate
Dumb talking heads tell us nothing
Im not surprised its was in california
It’s because of AOC, ILHAN, TELIEB
A HATE CRIME
Send in 'Creepy Uncle' Joe Biden to 'GROPE' the suspect! 😜
Nyt times made anti semitic news
People are waking up to Jewish subversion of our government and are finally fighting back.
i mean, im not happy about it, but im also not sad either. :)
Gun grab
This can't happen! California has gun laws!
Condolences to the victims families. 
The world is going insane.
Whole Kalifornia is a 'soft' target. Alot of anti-2nd Amendment 'softies' there in Kalifornia.
There were good people on both sides.
Sanctuary city
What have the libs staged today?
Is this another attack?
Watch the fake mainstream media blame the entire left for this shooting
Never talk to a cop with out a lawyer. Ever! As soon as they say they want to talk to you tell them as soon as you get a lawyer. Innocent people go to prison too.
There's no business like shoah business.
Let me guess illegal alien
I wonder what peaceful religion he belongs to🤔
Must have been a gun free zone. Pew pew pew
You don't have a Scooby Doo, Ted, do you?
I blame this on ilhan Omar
Smh so much hate when will it end
All the things going on ?
Why would kamala  Harris  want a person like this to have the right to vote.
Let's count the coincidence's shall we, a "white," guy, w/an "AR-15", in "California," a day after Trump speaks @ "NRA..."
HAHAHA....yeah, right okay 👌 😉
I knew the Deep State would shoot up a Synagogue or a school after POTUS got rid of the small arms agreement with the UN yesterday.

HEY DUMMICRAT DEEP STATE DEVILS!! STOP WITH YOUR FFs and hoaxes! We all know its YOU, you bunch of evil b*st*rds!!
We must remove guns from law abideing people. This will help criminals.
Who is the person????
Hey, Ted Williams. Constitutional Rights just don't suddenly kick in.
Now and days though I'm not out to offend anyone, yet people around me seem to be upset, offended or even flat out angry with me. I don't worry, I'm actually doing something right. Meaning I'm living life as a none brainwashed individual. The true racist/fascist desperately want me as a minority.
Reply
NYT prints a anti Jewish picture and a crazy Democrat goes out and shoots people.
The Federal Government must stop the incitement from  all left media’s  . They are the one that promoting violence throughout they incitement anti-Semitic cartoons and articles. 

The Trump Administration must put economic sanctions to the liberal left media’s that promoting anti-Semitic articles
Whooooooooo
Carrrrrrrres
According to some reports on twitter the guy was downed by someone inside with a gun.
Incited by Ilhan Omar. She should be prosecuted for inciting violence along with Maxine Waters who incites attacks on trump fans. As usual they will get away with it but now its come home to roost on their own doorstep. No doubt CNN will as usual try twisting it to put it on Trump voters.
Every law abiding red blooded American needs to start carrying. Be on the ready at all times
I'm hearing Charlie Brown's teacher speaking.  This might be Fox New's worst reporting. EVER.
Dems are encouraging acts like these.   This is direct effects to lies and counter acts to American values
ban the guns or ban the "some people", why should I lose my rights; they win
How in the world did someone in California legally have an AR-15?
Civil rights movement  all over again.
Hate crime!!!
Democrats stop the crap. We know
Why is there still no world peace?
Do we know who he was yet?
Looks like another fake, staged shooting to manipulate people and their perceptions.  Be skeptical.  This shooting was a little too packaged.
it's jew-a-phobia,...., to soon, ...?
How much anyone wanna bet triggered Illegal or Ilhan fan
How convenient
Oy gevalt 600million never again etc hahaha
Horrible!  God Bless Them 🙏🏼 Now, every left wing nut will scream take everyone’s guns!
Shuffles deck: blame Trump
This is just part and parcel of living in a big city..
It's anudda shoah
Taken alive.  Must be white.
Sigh... another young white privileged male being disillusioned with life.
Hate speech perpetrated by ilhan Omar quote Raise Hell
Golly Geez Goober...... a little distraction from another DemonCrap agenda..... Let me guess....gun control ???  I wonder which candidate is running on that ??
Some People Suck
Hundreds dead in Sri Lanka, synagogues getting shot up in California, and Fox goes and hires Dirtbag Donna Brasile.  This is complete chaos.
Not surprised
Before they blame it on trump
Churches and synagogues need in-house security
Another hoax?  We just had a doozy of a hoax in Winnipeg Canada.  Never believe everything you hear without fact checking first, that’s something MSM doesn’t do anymore.
Bet money it is a radical leftist anti semite or a floor worshipper.
It is time to renew the crusades.
Isn't today the last day of Passover?
Some people do something
STOP PLAYING WITH WEAPONS!!!
Can we lay this at the feet of certain Democrats who's anti-Semitic rhetoric encourages these kinds of acts?
Hmmmmmm Gun Free zone?
People there aren't like that he's not local
It's all out war on Christian's.
The shooter hated President Trump and conservatives.
After the President signs in Favor of The Second Amendment, this happens..... Hmmmm. That is weird‼️🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🕵️🕵️🕵️🕵️🕵️
Well that's CALIFORNICATION for ya !   NO GUNS NO DEFENSE !!!!!!!!
Who he live?? What the hell is this? Ted you’re still a ghetto fool that needs diction and speaking class if you have to continue to speak in public.. I feel like I’m listening to 50cents daddy 🤣 
🤦🏼‍♀️ it would be nice to fully understand what is being said and now have to pull out the 3st handbook on what he’s saying..
Its domestic
White Nationalists & Fascists running amok & psycho killing! Who else but them would do such despicable things?
So sad
What!? Another gun crime in a supposed to be gun free zone. This socialist state needs to legalize open care!
GTA
Why do I still live in this state?
When will be the next shooting?
Who else thinks "The religion of peace" might be involved in this one?
THERE IS NO BORDER CRISIS/  COME ON PEOPLE.    Obama deported more in 
his 8 years than bush did in his 8 hears.  since  general Sam Houston 
took Texas  the border is the border.  there will always be a border.  
there will always be immigrants.  get over it
I've identified the someone's 👳‍♂️👳‍♀️🧕
Don't do what you wouldn't want to be done to you. Whether heaven and hell exist, that a thing in your future. No hatred, no division.
What is his faith and origin
We are still relevant.
Trump incite violence
Bernie would give him the right to vote.
Way to much supposition & opinion this is not news but gossip.
Wonder what Obama and Clinton will call these people. ?
Absolutist Partisan Comments have never been so ubiquitous: the only solution is to divide America properly, give citizens a choice and one year to move to their side. To say USA is an oxymoron. Rename the land properly to the DSA, the Divided States of America. Get on with it you bickering fools.
Can he still vote?
We better step up and stop this violence we are the only ones
We are praying for you, so sorry this has happened to our Lord's people!!
TERRIBLE. America will not be a safe place again until synagogues are safe.
Because of Omars hateful rhetoric.
....meanwhile, in palestine
How could a shooting possibly happen in California with all those gun laws? He must be magic.
Religion and politics poisons everything .
Hate crime and this is so evil. And not Trump's fault you even more hateful Libs.
Most of those reporters don't even know where they are
Take away our guns and breed more violent shooters.
Another synagogue shooting, goddamn it
Wait, didn’t this happen in October? 







I know it happened just now, but I’m just shocked about how many shootings we’ve had in the last couple of years.
There will be more shootings because of politics, religion and ignorant terriosts that are here. Time to stand up people and get rid of the swamp!
A shooter in California? Not possible... They have a whole bunch of gun control. All those ridiculous gun control laws keep guns out of the hands of criminals. This doesn't make sense at all. Heck, the shooter can't have mags with more than what 5 rounds? 8 rounds?
:(
:(
Fake news. It was a gun free zone in California. Not today CIA
Yey Democrats!!!👏👏👏
Hey Rabbi, what cha doing?
When is everyone going to wake up and see these are Luciferians behind these attacks on all religious facilities?
No one cared about the Christian's slaughtered by the hundreds when the hotel and church bombing happened a couple of weeks ago.
At least it makes for unforgettable passover.😨
He used 4chan. His manifesto is similar to Christchurch shooters one. Wtf
Looks like the C_A is still operating in California. I’ll bet you the shooting occurred within 30 minutes drive from the nearest F_I field office.
Omar supporter.
Interesting how these mass shootings happen in states with substantial gun control legislation and/or in gun- free zones. I hope the victims of this tragedy survive and the shooter is punished at the greatest extent as justified by Law.
Fake news
Prayers sent!
If the guy was Hispanic people would be screaming “BUILD THE WALLL” in the comments for sure.
Just proves liberalism equals nazism , liberalism equals socialism , liberal equals repression and war , why are our brainwashed youth being indoctrinated into communism at our vile and treasonous universities and public schools ,
Omar caused this anti Semitic shooting.
Das ist für dich Richards a grehell  🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
Who wants to bet that he is not a white man with full support for NRA and Trump! He is one of the very fine peopleTrump always referred to! By the way, dint Trump just spoke at the NRA convention two days ago and ask them not to ever ever lay their guns down? Hold my beer, this fine people are out in full!!
ALL TERRORISM
first
Congresswoman Omar expressed her condoleances.................. NOT.
No Fox, the guy didn't go there to shoot his wife or an individual.
Let me guess......white guy.  Hey, I could be wrong.
Just another fake stage shooting until we see the footage.
I’m raised Jewish, so I was taught the saying “ never again “ I’m finding my fellow people are forgetting history. Unprepared, passive and naivety is becoming common. A conceal license isn’t expensive and a glock lasts a long time. Come on people have some ownership and stay vigilant.
Can't be an shooting in ca there illegal in ca
Immigration must end all refugees and illegal immigrants must return to their homeland
Here we go another deep state clown act. A bunch of Democrats out shooting as many people as possible and then blaming the gun laws and the Republicans.
Of course
ANOTHER FAKE HATE CRIME PSY-OP TO PUSH A HOLY WAR AND TAKE YOUR GUNS. WHO BENEFITS?  ZIONISTS BENEFIT.
Execute all Domestic Terrorists no matter what idealogy or party they belong to!
an illegal
I hope President Trump knows about this from the news and do something about it and fast bc I wouldn't be surprised if they try and turn this all around to blame the one man they despise most our POTUS  that's how deranged, currupt they are something else to try and pin onto the President once again. I " We the ppl are so danm tired of all the leftist evil Dems BS against our President and it needs to stop NOW.
Terrorism is here sad to say..!  Someone might think about putting all religious services on the internet to prevent these shootings. Other possibility is to have Armed conceal carry guards in all places of worship.  I fear this vile violence will continue and it is why citizens should have the right to defend themselves. For those who are confident be vigilant and please get some training to defend yourself , Martial Arts. a baseball bat a conceal and carry permit. The police cannot be everywhere to protect us..!  Bless and take care..!
Christians are under attack all over the world, why didn't they have security at church services?
REPORT WHO THE PERSON WAS AS YOU WOULD NORMALLY DO.  Your job is to inform the public not report partial news.
Guys & Girls, Omar is now to be blamed because "Somebody did something", and i stepped in 🐕 💩 on my front lawn, because "Some body did something" while walking they're dogs around the neighborhood! SMH😡😂👍
No one is afraid of doing a horrible crime today. What happens to them if caught? Maybe prison for a couple of years and probably have better care then when they lived out of prison, then out they are again to do crime all over again. Tough on crime is what we need to start having. They should be terrified of the consequences. So maybe less crime.
What a bunch of stupid sick comments.
Thoughts are with the victims and families.  Prayers are for more good people with guns to put an end to this senseless violence, and make these dirtbags think twice before they act. Police custody is too good for someone who does somthing like this.
We ban guns from good citizens, why aren’t the bad people listening to us?
Allah Snackbar? Allah Snackbar!!!
tomorrow cnn and msnbc will blame Trump all day
Why do shooting like this always take place in states run by Democrats?
Lemme guess..... The shooter was a white male, who was somehow taken into custody unharmed. And I'm sure that no one will call it what it is, which is Domestic Terrorism. He is going to be looked at and characterized as "Mentally Ill" or "Disturbed". When in fact he is just a White Supremacist that just has hate in his heart. This is America.
California is a gun free zone and they have more mass shootings than Texas and Texas has a third of all the guns in America
Wtf is wrong with California ?
That’s impossible, guns are illegal in California! People never break laws!
These people in California would rather smoke pot and rely on their government to protect them. Its like they don't care or want to understand they would rather give up their freedom to protect themselves to be stoned all day and eat at Del Taco and allow harm to fall apon innocent lives. WTF is going on ??? It wasn't like this in the late 90s..
Unbelievable comment section. No sorrow for the innocent shot by another crazy guy with easy access to guns. Just trying to deflect from the deserved criticism of Trump and the NRA. Yes we blame the NRA and the administration that puts votes ahead of innocent people's safety.
Religion of peace strikes again.  Honk honk🤡
Just remembered, I saw this on the news. They didn't even report on it, it was on the bar at the bottom of the screen.
police elimined
Reading these comments.. sad.. simply sad
Why aren't they calling them worshippers?
What in God’s name is wrong with people in this country ?
We need to march on the Capitol to abolish the stupid guns laws here in Commiefornia so that this crap doesn't happen! The police are not obligated to protect us and even outside of the rural areas it still takes an average of 17min. To arrive! Wake up California!
Aaaaand just like Notre Dame, this isn't terrorism....
The suspect is reported to be Yehoshuah ben Yosef, a known cult leader.
Another FF.. Deep state is getting desperate
I smell Pittsburgh. Impressive how quickly Donald Trump has been able to gather so many New Russian Alliance NAZI's around him.
19 year old white male
Every suicide bomber that blew themselves up are burning along with muhammad in hell. I bet they get 72 demons.
An FF, right after Trump's gun speech
Why do Christians are so violent ? We still remember the holocaust and before that the crusades.
To bad it wasn’t a shooting at a mosque
another fake shooting
Another Christian Trump supporter.
He had to be white bad hombre
Most people wish this crappy state would fall into the ocean!
No one cares!
White, Christian, heterosexual.
If the person was white it would HIGHLIGHT SUPREMIST STRIKES AGAIN
This proves gun free zones don’t work they get more mass shootings then anywhere in the world
Let me guess,  the religion of peace at it again!!!!
Why so many dislikes n a shooting in America nothing new
Why is nobody addressing Mexico disarming American soldiers and the Christian churches being burnt down as of now like 170 in total ! Okay like Real Americans are just going to sit back too much longer with BS !
If Obama incited this much hate on race as Trump has Fox and Republicans would be trying to impeach him.
Hey, Hey Trump supporters!  Y'all shoot any more reporters?
Katie Hopkins warns America, as in Europe so it will be in the US. Twelve churches burned before the Notre Damne burning and no connections made? What is going on here with the rise of anti- semitism?
Religion of Peace strikes again
CBS reports  Suspect has been identified as John Earnest, 19.  They might have left out three eyes and seventeen brain cells.
Wow why didn’t their gun laws stop the shooter
SMH.....and the liberals will spin this somehow so that the blame is on Trump, his supporters, Republicans, conservatives, Christians....or all of the above. Let me get my pop corn ready.
Religion of peace at it again?
Did the Shooter have a pet goat and keep.repeating Allah Akbar?
Here we go with the fake news again they don't know what is going on but yet they got to report something they trying to make it a b a mass shooting and they don't even know what it is
Trump's hate and bigotry has infected America to its core. Are a part of it? You are either part of the solution or part of the problem.
Copy cat Islamic
Shootings that happen in religious spaces are despicable. Sadly if someone had a concealed carried weapon this whole thing would have been swiftly handled but Because California has some of the most strict gun laws people are dead and guess what, even though their laws are strict this man still had a gun. Gun laws are nothing but lip service to the public while it simply undermines the good peoples right to self defense while the criminals will always act with malicious intent and have a gun even though the laws are prohibited certain makes and models. We need to not have less restrictions on the second amendment to ensure that the good citizens of America can protect them selves. Guns will never go away they have been around for centuries and will be around for generations more. I pray for the Jewish community and I hope California evolves their gun laws rather then dissolve their citizens right to bare arms and defend themselves.
FAKE!
As u can see this a terristic attack at Christianity and Jewish religions this whole year...
Is this fake?  Why isn't CNN reporting on this yet?
More fake propaganda
Will the MSM consider this a result of the Anti-Semitic rhetoric coming the Dems in the House?
I think we all know the answer to that.
Fake a hoax
(((They))) create the conflict and then they apply the new laws. (((Order Out of Choas)))
These are signs that all of these 4200 fake, false and manmade religions are going to be wiped out for the only One Religion of the Almighty Creator from the beginning of man on earth to the end.
Must be fake news. That's a gun free zone.
No sympathy
Another MAGAterrorist
Watcha doin rabbi?
Probably a religion of peace member carrying on more terrorism
You guys say the left will try to pin this on Trump but then on the same token you guys are pinning this on Omar.
Here we go again. I’m sure a gun got out of its cage and floated around shooting people. Is CNN reporting that the guy lives in the White House and is Hitlers great grandson? What a crappy interview.
Was it one of Trump's "very fine people"?
OH GAWD. they actually name the religion in this. hmmmmm
(((They))) are lying about this one.
Trumptarded nazis on the rise, God help us.
Churches ⛪️ and synagogues 🕍 will continue to be attacked. Be prepared.
Less than 10 miles heard sirens, literally chills down my spine, 😢
Good
Trump started his Presidential run by encouraging people to hate Obama, 
and every chance he has had to boost himself, 
he has encouraged hatred of various groups, factions and races. 
He is a hatemongering demagogue, pure and simple.
Fox dropped the ball on this video. You should take it down.
Welcome to Trump's America were yet another white nationalist goes on another murderous killing spree
In the Philippines they have armed security in most stores and malls hotels.
Trump's anger, over-emotion, rhetoric mixed with his backing of empowering people with guns = more shootings based on hate.
check europe, no guns, no killings!
whats the difference?
Sad no one died. 1 frag.
More of Trump's "very fine people" in action.
Ilan Omar, Red Cortez and the Democrats did this with their anti-Semitic rhetoric. They have blood on their hands.
Bet he’s a Trump supporter.
Shalom my fellow Europeans!
Die die amerikanische Botschaft wird aus Berlin geschlossen ihr Arschlöchern
Christianity the religion of peace. All 2 billion Christians are responsible for this isolated incident.
Keep in mind this happened in my state of California. We have an “assault” weapons ban, high capacity magazine ban and a 10 day waiting period. So please. Tell me how more gun laws will keep people safe.
looks like fox news made a video here and trying to protect the killer and who he is or was.  they don't want the public to learn the truth because they know we will start waking people up to the truth.   that the US news media lies to people.
Why is everyone here so full of hate? I thought everyone here was a "good christian republican". Isn't the proper thing to do to pray for the dead? Whether or not they agree with your ideology? Oh but no here there are comments saying "the liberals are taking are guns, they're gonna blame trump, if it was a white kid the situation would be different, the communist California state is to blame etc..." Why don't y'all actually do what you preach, and be an actual christian?
Thanks Trump lol
Omg when did this happen ???????? This terrible! Respect to all officers 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Christianity is not a religion of peace.
Another Trump supporter
Another NRA success story
White culture hate ideology striks again
I guess the God of Abraham and Moses was off on today.
Omg for a second I thought it was another illegal immigrant doing the shooting but not is was anothe WHITE MALE doing the shooting nothing new
4th Reich
